plugin/httpserver.py:33:1: F401 'twisted.internet.protocol.Protocol' imported but unused
plugin/httpserver.py:33:1: F401 'twisted.internet.protocol.Factory' imported but unused
plugin/httpserver.py:165:25: F841 local variable 'e' is assigned to but never used
plugin/httpserver.py:188:15: E711 comparison to None should be 'if cond is not None:'
plugin/httpserver.py:231:5: E722 do not use bare 'except'
plugin/httpserver.py:248:7: E123 closing bracket does not match indentation of opening bracket's line
plugin/httpserver.py:264:4: E722 do not use bare 'except'
plugin/httpserver.py:308:3: F841 local variable 'host' is assigned to but never used
plugin/httpserver.py:375:4: E722 do not use bare 'except'
plugin/httpserver.py:375:11: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/httpserver.py:384:4: E722 do not use bare 'except'
plugin/httpserver.py:384:11: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/httpserver.py:424:3: E722 do not use bare 'except'
plugin/httpserver.py:430:5: E722 do not use bare 'except'
plugin/httpserver.py:480:20: F841 local variable 'e' is assigned to but never used
plugin/httpserver.py:494:2: E722 do not use bare 'except'
plugin/httpserver.py:494:9: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/httpserver.py:499:2: E722 do not use bare 'except'
plugin/httpserver.py:499:9: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/plugin.py:86:11: E128 continuation line under-indented for visual indent
plugin/plugin.py:87:11: E128 continuation line under-indented for visual indent
plugin/plugin.py:88:11: E128 continuation line under-indented for visual indent
plugin/plugin.py:89:11: E128 continuation line under-indented for visual indent
plugin/plugin.py:90:11: E128 continuation line under-indented for visual indent
plugin/plugin.py:91:11: E128 continuation line under-indented for visual indent
plugin/plugin.py:92:11: E128 continuation line under-indented for visual indent
plugin/plugin.py:93:11: E128 continuation line under-indented for visual indent
plugin/plugin.py:94:11: E128 continuation line under-indented for visual indent
plugin/plugin.py:95:11: E128 continuation line under-indented for visual indent
plugin/plugin.py:96:11: E128 continuation line under-indented for visual indent
plugin/plugin.py:97:11: E128 continuation line under-indented for visual indent
plugin/plugin.py:102:1: E402 module level import not at top of file
plugin/plugin.py:131:9: E711 comparison to None should be 'if cond is None:'
plugin/plugin.py:137:3: E128 continuation line under-indented for visual indent
plugin/plugin.py:202:6: E714 test for object identity should be 'is not'
plugin/plugin.py:206:6: E714 test for object identity should be 'is not'
plugin/plugin.py:249:16: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/plugin.py:249:17: E262 inline comment should start with '# '
plugin/plugin.py:253:3: E123 closing bracket does not match indentation of opening bracket's line
plugin/vtiaddon.py:5:1: F401 'Components.ConfigList.ConfigListScreen' imported but unused
plugin/vtiaddon.py:6:1: F401 'Components.config.ConfigText' imported but unused
plugin/vtiaddon.py:6:1: F401 'Components.config.ConfigInteger' imported but unused
plugin/vtiaddon.py:6:1: F401 'Components.config.getConfigListEntry' imported but unused
plugin/vtiaddon.py:6:1: F401 'Components.config.ConfigSubsection' imported but unused
plugin/vtiaddon.py:16:15: E711 comparison to None should be 'if cond is not None:'
plugin/vtiaddon.py:29:15: E711 comparison to None should be 'if cond is not None:'
plugin/backport/OrderedDict.py:150:8: E128 continuation line under-indented for visual indent
plugin/controllers/root.py:42:1: F401 'Plugins.Extensions.OpenWebif.controllers.defaults.setMobile' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/root.py:116:3: E265 block comment should start with '# '
plugin/controllers/root.py:117:3: E265 block comment should start with '# '
plugin/controllers/root.py:118:3: E265 block comment should start with '# '
plugin/controllers/root.py:119:3: E265 block comment should start with '# '
plugin/controllers/ajax.py:27:1: F401 'six' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/ajax.py:31:1: F811 redefinition of unused 'getInfo' from line 29
plugin/controllers/ajax.py:111:35: F841 local variable 'extEventInfoProvider' is assigned to but never used
plugin/controllers/ajax.py:136:11: E711 comparison to None should be 'if cond is not None:'
plugin/controllers/ajax.py:139:13: E711 comparison to None should be 'if cond is not None:'
plugin/controllers/ajax.py:141:34: E711 comparison to None should be 'if cond is not None:'
plugin/controllers/ajax.py:144:42: E711 comparison to None should be 'if cond is not None:'
plugin/controllers/ajax.py:230:15: E711 comparison to None should be 'if cond is None:'
plugin/controllers/ajax.py:295:11: E711 comparison to None should be 'if cond is None:'
plugin/controllers/ajax.py:303:12: E711 comparison to None should be 'if cond is not None:'
plugin/controllers/ajax.py:310:11: E711 comparison to None should be 'if cond is not None:'
plugin/controllers/NET.py:199:34: W605 invalid escape sequence '\W'
plugin/controllers/transcoding.py:115:2: E301 expected 1 blank line, found 0
plugin/controllers/transcoding.py:134:2: E301 expected 1 blank line, found 0
plugin/controllers/file.py:46:1: E265 block comment should start with '# '
plugin/controllers/file.py:54:11: E711 comparison to None should be 'if cond is not None:'
plugin/controllers/file.py:69:21: W605 invalid escape sequence '\:'
plugin/controllers/file.py:69:24: W605 invalid escape sequence '\d'
plugin/controllers/file.py:88:11: E711 comparison to None should be 'if cond is not None:'
plugin/controllers/file.py:92:44: E711 comparison to None should be 'if cond is not None:'
plugin/controllers/AT.py:89:4: F841 local variable 'lines' is assigned to but never used
plugin/controllers/AT.py:173:25: F841 local variable 'e' is assigned to but never used
plugin/controllers/rest.py:6:1: F401 'twisted.web.http' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/mobile.py:63:11: E711 comparison to None should be 'if cond is not None:'
plugin/controllers/mobile.py:132:3: E722 do not use bare 'except'
plugin/controllers/defaults.py:56:1: E115 expected an indented block (comment)
plugin/controllers/defaults.py:93:2: F841 local variable 'PICON_EXT' is assigned to but never used
plugin/controllers/defaults.py:104:1: E265 block comment should start with '# '
plugin/controllers/defaults.py:105:1: E265 block comment should start with '# '
plugin/controllers/defaults.py:106:1: E265 block comment should start with '# '
plugin/controllers/defaults.py:107:1: E265 block comment should start with '# '
plugin/controllers/defaults.py:115:2: F841 local variable 'PICON_PATH' is assigned to but never used
plugin/controllers/BouquetEditor.py:15:47: E262 inline comment should start with '# '
plugin/controllers/BouquetEditor.py:374:6: E117 over-indented
plugin/controllers/BouquetEditor.py:594:4: F841 local variable 'lines' is assigned to but never used
plugin/controllers/BouquetEditor.py:726:12: F821 undefined name 'MODE_RADIO'
plugin/controllers/BQE.py:23:1: F401 'twisted.web.server' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/BQE.py:24:1: F401 'enigma.iServiceInformation' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/BQE.py:216:1: E265 block comment should start with '# '
plugin/controllers/BQE.py:217:1: E265 block comment should start with '# '
plugin/controllers/BQE.py:218:1: E265 block comment should start with '# '
plugin/controllers/BQE.py:219:1: E265 block comment should start with '# '
plugin/controllers/BQE.py:220:1: E265 block comment should start with '# '
plugin/controllers/BQE.py:221:1: E265 block comment should start with '# '
plugin/controllers/BQE.py:222:1: E265 block comment should start with '# '
plugin/controllers/BQE.py:224:1: E265 block comment should start with '# '
plugin/controllers/BQE.py:225:1: E265 block comment should start with '# '
plugin/controllers/BQE.py:226:1: E265 block comment should start with '# '
plugin/controllers/BQE.py:227:1: E265 block comment should start with '# '
plugin/controllers/BQE.py:228:1: E265 block comment should start with '# '
plugin/controllers/BQE.py:229:1: E265 block comment should start with '# '
plugin/controllers/BQE.py:230:1: E265 block comment should start with '# '
plugin/controllers/BQE.py:231:1: E265 block comment should start with '# '
plugin/controllers/BQE.py:232:1: E265 block comment should start with '# '
plugin/controllers/BQE.py:233:1: E265 block comment should start with '# '
plugin/controllers/BQE.py:234:1: E265 block comment should start with '# '
plugin/controllers/BQE.py:235:1: E265 block comment should start with '# '
plugin/controllers/BQE.py:236:1: E265 block comment should start with '# '
plugin/controllers/BQE.py:237:1: E265 block comment should start with '# '
plugin/controllers/BQE.py:238:1: E265 block comment should start with '# '
plugin/controllers/BQE.py:239:1: E265 block comment should start with '# '
plugin/controllers/BQE.py:240:1: E265 block comment should start with '# '
plugin/controllers/BQE.py:241:1: E265 block comment should start with '# '
plugin/controllers/BQE.py:242:1: E265 block comment should start with '# '
plugin/controllers/BQE.py:243:1: E265 block comment should start with '# '
plugin/controllers/BQE.py:244:1: E265 block comment should start with '# '
plugin/controllers/BQE.py:245:1: E265 block comment should start with '# '
plugin/controllers/BQE.py:298:6: E722 do not use bare 'except'
plugin/controllers/BQE.py:407:33: E711 comparison to None should be 'if cond is not None:'
plugin/controllers/ipkg.py:52:16: E711 comparison to None should be 'if cond is not None:'
plugin/controllers/ipkg.py:166:14: E711 comparison to None should be 'if cond is not None:'
plugin/controllers/web.py:58:18: W605 invalid escape sequence '\:'
plugin/controllers/web.py:58:21: W605 invalid escape sequence '\d'
plugin/controllers/web.py:228:10: E711 comparison to None should be 'if cond is None:'
plugin/controllers/web.py:365:15: E711 comparison to None should be 'if cond is not None:'
plugin/controllers/web.py:522:12: E711 comparison to None should be 'if cond is not None:'
plugin/controllers/web.py:561:12: E711 comparison to None should be 'if cond is not None:'
plugin/controllers/web.py:828:39: E711 comparison to None should be 'if cond is not None:'
plugin/controllers/web.py:895:12: E711 comparison to None should be 'if cond is None:'
plugin/controllers/web.py:912:12: E711 comparison to None should be 'if cond is None:'
plugin/controllers/web.py:914:12: E711 comparison to None should be 'if cond is not None:'
plugin/controllers/web.py:933:12: E711 comparison to None should be 'if cond is None:'
plugin/controllers/web.py:935:12: E711 comparison to None should be 'if cond is not None:'
plugin/controllers/web.py:977:15: E711 comparison to None should be 'if cond is not None:'
plugin/controllers/web.py:1035:14: E711 comparison to None should be 'if cond is not None:'
plugin/controllers/web.py:1040:12: E711 comparison to None should be 'if cond is not None:'
plugin/controllers/web.py:1074:18: E711 comparison to None should be 'if cond is not None:'
plugin/controllers/web.py:1533:13: E711 comparison to None should be 'if cond is not None:'
plugin/controllers/web.py:1549:12: E711 comparison to None should be 'if cond is None:'
plugin/controllers/web.py:1551:12: E711 comparison to None should be 'if cond is None:'
plugin/controllers/web.py:1624:11: E711 comparison to None should be 'if cond is None:'
plugin/controllers/web.py:1787:11: E711 comparison to None should be 'if cond is not None:'
plugin/controllers/web.py:1908:13: E711 comparison to None should be 'if cond is not None:'
plugin/controllers/web.py:2031:11: E711 comparison to None should be 'if cond is not None:'
plugin/controllers/web.py:2043:14: E711 comparison to None should be 'if cond is not None:'
plugin/controllers/web.py:2191:12: E711 comparison to None should be 'if cond is not None:'
plugin/controllers/web.py:2363:1: E402 module level import not at top of file
plugin/controllers/utilities.py:14:8: E126 continuation line over-indented for hanging indent
plugin/controllers/utilities.py:328:24: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/utilities.py:332:19: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/base.py:209:6: E117 over-indented (comment)
plugin/controllers/base.py:213:6: E117 over-indented (comment)
plugin/controllers/base.py:228:6: E117 over-indented (comment)
plugin/controllers/base.py:324:9: E711 comparison to None should be 'if cond is not None:'
plugin/controllers/base.py:395:20: E712 comparison to True should be 'if cond is True:' or 'if cond:'
plugin/controllers/wol.py:26:1: F401 'Plugins.Extensions.OpenWebif.controllers.utilities.PY3' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/wol.py:49:17: E711 comparison to None should be 'if cond is not None:'
plugin/controllers/wol.py:57:18: E711 comparison to None should be 'if cond is not None:'
plugin/controllers/wol.py:63:21: E711 comparison to None should be 'if cond is not None:'
plugin/controllers/wol.py:106:16: E711 comparison to None should be 'if cond is not None:'
plugin/controllers/wol.py:112:11: E711 comparison to None should be 'if cond is not None:'
plugin/controllers/wol.py:118:10: E711 comparison to None should be 'if cond is not None:'
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:6:1: E303 too many blank lines (4)
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:7:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:8:1: F401 'sys' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:10:1: F401 'os.path' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:14:5: F401 '__builtin__ as builtin' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:15:1: F401 'os.path.exists' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:15:1: F401 'os.path.getmtime' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:17:1: F401 'types' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:21:1: F403 'from Cheetah.DummyTransaction import *' used; unable to detect undefined names
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:22:1: F401 'Cheetah.NameMapper.NotFound' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:23:1: F401 'Cheetah.CacheRegion.CacheRegion' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:24:1: F401 'Cheetah.Filters' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:25:1: F401 'Cheetah.ErrorCatchers' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:26:1: F401 'controllers.i18n.tstrings' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:27:1: F401 'json.dumps' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:30:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:31:6: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:32:5: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:33:4: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:34:12: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:45:7: E121 continuation line under-indented for hanging indent
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:46:70: E228 missing whitespace around modulo operator
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:47:10: E121 continuation line under-indented for hanging indent
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:50:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:55:5: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:58:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:64:18: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:65:35: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:67:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:69:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:73:9: E303 too many blank lines (3)
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:73:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:76:37: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:78:21: F405 'DummyTransaction' may be undefined, or defined from star imports: Cheetah.DummyTransaction
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:80:13: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:84:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:86:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:87:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:92:20: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:92:27: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:92:45: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:92:57: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:92:64: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:93:13: F841 local variable 'caret' is assigned to but never used
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:94:13: F841 local variable 'style_val' is assigned to but never used
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:96:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:96:29: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:96:35: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:97:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:97:64: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:100:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:100:30: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:100:36: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:101:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:101:65: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:104:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:104:29: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:104:35: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:105:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:105:64: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:107:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:107:30: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:107:36: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:108:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:108:65: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:112:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:112:29: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:112:35: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:113:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:113:64: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:115:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:115:34: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:115:40: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:116:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:116:69: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:119:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:119:32: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:119:38: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:120:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:120:67: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:125:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:127:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:128:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:130:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:132:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:136:9: E303 too many blank lines (3)
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:136:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:139:37: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:141:21: F405 'DummyTransaction' may be undefined, or defined from star imports: Cheetah.DummyTransaction
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:143:13: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:147:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:149:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:150:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:153:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:153:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:153:53: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:154:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:154:82: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:157:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:157:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:157:48: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:158:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:158:77: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:161:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:161:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:161:49: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:162:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:162:78: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:165:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:165:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:165:49: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:166:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:166:78: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:169:20: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:169:28: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:169:35: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:171:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:171:37: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:171:52: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:172:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:172:81: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:177:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:179:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:180:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:182:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:184:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:188:9: E303 too many blank lines (3)
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:188:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:191:37: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:193:21: F405 'DummyTransaction' may be undefined, or defined from star imports: Cheetah.DummyTransaction
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:195:13: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:199:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:201:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:202:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:205:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:205:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:205:60: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:206:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:206:89: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:209:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:209:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:209:64: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:210:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:210:93: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:216:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:216:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:216:49: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:217:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:217:78: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:221:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:223:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:224:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:226:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:228:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:232:9: E303 too many blank lines (3)
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:232:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:235:37: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:237:21: F405 'DummyTransaction' may be undefined, or defined from star imports: Cheetah.DummyTransaction
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:239:13: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:243:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:245:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:246:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:252:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:252:37: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:252:59: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:252:69: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:252:80: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:252:90: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:253:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:253:108: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:255:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:255:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:255:55: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:256:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:256:84: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:259:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:259:37: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:259:61: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:259:71: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:259:82: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:259:92: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:260:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:260:110: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:263:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:263:37: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:263:59: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:263:69: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:263:80: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:263:90: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:264:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:264:108: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:266:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:266:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:266:55: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:267:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:267:84: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:270:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:270:37: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:270:61: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:270:71: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:270:82: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:270:92: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:271:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:271:110: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:303:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:303:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:303:55: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:304:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:304:84: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:310:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:310:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:310:56: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:311:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:311:85: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:313:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:313:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:313:57: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:314:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:314:86: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:316:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:316:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:316:57: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:317:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:317:86: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:334:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:336:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:337:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:339:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:341:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:345:9: E303 too many blank lines (3)
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:345:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:348:37: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:350:21: F405 'DummyTransaction' may be undefined, or defined from star imports: Cheetah.DummyTransaction
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:352:13: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:356:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:358:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:359:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:362:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:362:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:362:51: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:363:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:363:80: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:366:30: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:366:39: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:366:46: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:367:13: F841 local variable 'target_url' is assigned to but never used
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:367:34: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:367:42: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:367:55: E703 statement ends with a semicolon
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:368:32: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:368:40: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:368:47: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:369:28: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:369:36: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:369:56: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:371:34: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:371:47: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:371:53: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:372:38: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:372:82: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:374:34: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:374:42: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:374:63: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:375:38: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:375:92: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:378:22: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:380:34: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:380:47: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:380:53: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:381:38: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:381:82: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:383:34: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:383:42: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:383:63: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:384:38: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:384:92: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:387:18: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:389:30: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:389:43: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:389:49: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:390:34: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:390:78: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:392:30: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:392:38: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:392:59: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:393:34: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:393:88: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:398:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:400:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:401:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:403:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:405:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:409:9: E303 too many blank lines (3)
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:409:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:411:37: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:413:21: F405 'DummyTransaction' may be undefined, or defined from star imports: Cheetah.DummyTransaction
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:415:13: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:419:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:421:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:422:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:424:20: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:424:32: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:424:49: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:425:13: F841 local variable 't' is assigned to but never used
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:425:25: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:425:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:434:20: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:434:24: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:434:60: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:435:13: F841 local variable 'theme_css' is assigned to but never used
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:435:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:435:37: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:437:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:437:38: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:437:44: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:438:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:438:73: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:443:20: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:443:24: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:443:45: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:448:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:448:32: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:448:38: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:449:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:449:67: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:453:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:453:37: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:454:20: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:454:24: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:454:76: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:456:20: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:456:24: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:456:68: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:458:9: F841 local variable 'body_css_class' is assigned to but never used
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:458:43: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:458:58: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:460:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:460:39: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:460:45: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:461:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:461:74: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:467:24: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:467:35: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:467:42: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:468:13: F841 local variable 'boxname' is assigned to but never used
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:468:31: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:468:42: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:470:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:470:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:470:59: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:471:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:471:88: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:473:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:473:32: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:473:38: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:474:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:474:67: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:478:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:478:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:478:55: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:479:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:479:84: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:489:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:489:29: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:489:45: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:489:56: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:489:88: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:489:99: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:489:106: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:490:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:490:104: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:493:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:493:29: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:493:45: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:493:56: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:493:92: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:493:105: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:493:112: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:494:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:494:110: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:497:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:497:29: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:497:45: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:497:56: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:497:92: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:497:105: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:497:112: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:498:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:498:110: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:501:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:501:29: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:501:45: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:501:56: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:501:95: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:501:108: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:501:115: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:502:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:502:113: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:509:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:509:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:509:49: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:510:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:510:78: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:517:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:517:37: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:517:59: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:517:69: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:517:80: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:517:90: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:518:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:518:108: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:520:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:520:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:520:55: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:521:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:521:84: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:524:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:524:37: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:524:61: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:524:71: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:524:82: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:524:92: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:525:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:525:110: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:528:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:528:37: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:528:59: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:528:69: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:528:80: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:528:90: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:529:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:529:108: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:531:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:531:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:531:55: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:532:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:532:84: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:535:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:535:37: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:535:61: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:535:71: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:535:82: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:535:92: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:536:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:536:110: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:545:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:545:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:545:55: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:546:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:546:84: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:552:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:552:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:552:57: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:553:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:553:86: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:555:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:555:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:555:57: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:556:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:556:86: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:567:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:567:32: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:567:38: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:568:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:568:67: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:572:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:572:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:572:48: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:573:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:573:77: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:592:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:592:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:592:53: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:593:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:593:82: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:602:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:602:30: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:602:46: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:602:57: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:602:64: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:603:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:603:76: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:615:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:615:31: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:615:37: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:616:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:616:68: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:634:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:634:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:634:32: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:635:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:635:61: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:642:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:644:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:645:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:647:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:649:5: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:652:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:666:32: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:668:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:670:1: E305 expected 2 blank lines after class or function definition, found 1
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:680:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/main.py:685:1: W391 blank line at end of file
plugin/controllers/views/index.py:6:1: E303 too many blank lines (4)
plugin/controllers/views/index.py:7:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/index.py:8:1: F401 'sys' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/index.py:10:1: F401 'os.path' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/index.py:14:5: F401 '__builtin__ as builtin' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/index.py:15:1: F401 'os.path.exists' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/index.py:15:1: F401 'os.path.getmtime' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/index.py:17:1: F401 'types' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/index.py:21:1: F403 'from Cheetah.DummyTransaction import *' used; unable to detect undefined names
plugin/controllers/views/index.py:22:1: F401 'Cheetah.NameMapper.NotFound' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/index.py:23:1: F401 'Cheetah.CacheRegion.CacheRegion' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/index.py:24:1: F401 'Cheetah.Filters' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/index.py:25:1: F401 'Cheetah.ErrorCatchers' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/index.py:28:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/index.py:29:6: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/index.py:30:5: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/index.py:31:4: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/index.py:32:12: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/index.py:43:7: E121 continuation line under-indented for hanging indent
plugin/controllers/views/index.py:44:70: E228 missing whitespace around modulo operator
plugin/controllers/views/index.py:45:10: E121 continuation line under-indented for hanging indent
plugin/controllers/views/index.py:48:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/index.py:53:5: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/index.py:56:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/index.py:62:18: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/index.py:63:35: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/index.py:65:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/index.py:67:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/index.py:71:9: E303 too many blank lines (3)
plugin/controllers/views/index.py:71:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/index.py:73:37: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/index.py:75:21: F405 'DummyTransaction' may be undefined, or defined from star imports: Cheetah.DummyTransaction
plugin/controllers/views/index.py:77:13: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/index.py:79:9: F841 local variable 'SL' is assigned to but never used
plugin/controllers/views/index.py:80:9: F841 local variable '_filter' is assigned to but never used
plugin/controllers/views/index.py:81:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/index.py:83:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/index.py:84:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/index.py:87:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/index.py:89:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/index.py:90:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/index.py:92:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/index.py:94:5: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/index.py:97:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/index.py:111:33: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/index.py:113:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/index.py:115:1: E305 expected 2 blank lines after class or function definition, found 1
plugin/controllers/views/index.py:125:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/index.py:130:1: W391 blank line at end of file
plugin/controllers/views/web/getpid.py:6:1: E303 too many blank lines (4)
plugin/controllers/views/web/getpid.py:7:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/getpid.py:8:1: F401 'sys' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/getpid.py:10:1: F401 'os.path' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/getpid.py:14:5: F401 '__builtin__ as builtin' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/getpid.py:15:1: F401 'os.path.exists' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/getpid.py:15:1: F401 'os.path.getmtime' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/getpid.py:17:1: F401 'types' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/getpid.py:21:1: F403 'from Cheetah.DummyTransaction import *' used; unable to detect undefined names
plugin/controllers/views/web/getpid.py:22:1: F401 'Cheetah.NameMapper.NotFound' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/getpid.py:23:1: F401 'Cheetah.CacheRegion.CacheRegion' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/getpid.py:24:1: F401 'Cheetah.Filters' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/getpid.py:25:1: F401 'Cheetah.ErrorCatchers' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/getpid.py:28:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/getpid.py:29:6: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/getpid.py:30:5: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/getpid.py:31:4: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/getpid.py:32:12: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/getpid.py:43:7: E121 continuation line under-indented for hanging indent
plugin/controllers/views/web/getpid.py:44:70: E228 missing whitespace around modulo operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/getpid.py:45:10: E121 continuation line under-indented for hanging indent
plugin/controllers/views/web/getpid.py:48:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/getpid.py:53:5: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/getpid.py:56:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/web/getpid.py:62:18: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/getpid.py:63:35: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/getpid.py:65:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/getpid.py:67:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/web/getpid.py:71:9: E303 too many blank lines (3)
plugin/controllers/views/web/getpid.py:71:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/getpid.py:73:37: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/getpid.py:75:21: F405 'DummyTransaction' may be undefined, or defined from star imports: Cheetah.DummyTransaction
plugin/controllers/views/web/getpid.py:77:13: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/getpid.py:81:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/getpid.py:83:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/getpid.py:84:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/getpid.py:86:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/getpid.py:86:29: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/getpid.py:86:35: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/getpid.py:87:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/getpid.py:87:64: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/getpid.py:89:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/getpid.py:89:29: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/getpid.py:89:35: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/getpid.py:90:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/getpid.py:90:64: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/getpid.py:92:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/getpid.py:92:29: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/getpid.py:92:35: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/getpid.py:93:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/getpid.py:93:64: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/getpid.py:95:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/getpid.py:95:29: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/getpid.py:95:35: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/getpid.py:96:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/getpid.py:96:64: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/getpid.py:99:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/getpid.py:101:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/getpid.py:102:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/getpid.py:104:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/getpid.py:106:5: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/getpid.py:109:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/web/getpid.py:123:34: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/getpid.py:125:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/getpid.py:127:1: E305 expected 2 blank lines after class or function definition, found 1
plugin/controllers/views/web/getpid.py:137:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/getpid.py:142:1: W391 blank line at end of file
plugin/controllers/views/web/streamsubservices.py:6:1: E303 too many blank lines (4)
plugin/controllers/views/web/streamsubservices.py:7:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/streamsubservices.py:8:1: F401 'sys' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/streamsubservices.py:10:1: F401 'os.path' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/streamsubservices.py:14:5: F401 '__builtin__ as builtin' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/streamsubservices.py:15:1: F401 'os.path.exists' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/streamsubservices.py:15:1: F401 'os.path.getmtime' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/streamsubservices.py:17:1: F401 'types' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/streamsubservices.py:21:1: F403 'from Cheetah.DummyTransaction import *' used; unable to detect undefined names
plugin/controllers/views/web/streamsubservices.py:22:1: F401 'Cheetah.NameMapper.NotFound' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/streamsubservices.py:23:1: F401 'Cheetah.CacheRegion.CacheRegion' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/streamsubservices.py:24:1: F401 'Cheetah.Filters' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/streamsubservices.py:25:1: F401 'Cheetah.ErrorCatchers' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/streamsubservices.py:28:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/streamsubservices.py:29:6: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/streamsubservices.py:30:5: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/streamsubservices.py:31:4: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/streamsubservices.py:32:12: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/streamsubservices.py:43:7: E121 continuation line under-indented for hanging indent
plugin/controllers/views/web/streamsubservices.py:44:70: E228 missing whitespace around modulo operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/streamsubservices.py:45:10: E121 continuation line under-indented for hanging indent
plugin/controllers/views/web/streamsubservices.py:48:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/streamsubservices.py:53:5: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/streamsubservices.py:56:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/web/streamsubservices.py:62:18: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/streamsubservices.py:63:35: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/streamsubservices.py:65:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/streamsubservices.py:67:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/web/streamsubservices.py:71:9: E303 too many blank lines (3)
plugin/controllers/views/web/streamsubservices.py:71:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/streamsubservices.py:73:37: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/streamsubservices.py:75:21: F405 'DummyTransaction' may be undefined, or defined from star imports: Cheetah.DummyTransaction
plugin/controllers/views/web/streamsubservices.py:77:13: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/streamsubservices.py:81:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/streamsubservices.py:83:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/streamsubservices.py:84:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/streamsubservices.py:87:34: W601 .has_key() is deprecated, use 'in'
plugin/controllers/views/web/streamsubservices.py:91:1: E101 indentation contains mixed spaces and tabs
plugin/controllers/views/web/streamsubservices.py:91:4: E126 continuation line over-indented for hanging indent
plugin/controllers/views/web/streamsubservices.py:95:32: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/streamsubservices.py:95:43: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/streamsubservices.py:95:50: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/streamsubservices.py:98:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/streamsubservices.py:98:53: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/streamsubservices.py:98:59: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/streamsubservices.py:99:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/streamsubservices.py:99:88: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/streamsubservices.py:102:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/streamsubservices.py:102:48: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/streamsubservices.py:102:54: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/streamsubservices.py:103:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/streamsubservices.py:103:83: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/streamsubservices.py:110:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/streamsubservices.py:112:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/streamsubservices.py:113:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/streamsubservices.py:115:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/streamsubservices.py:117:5: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/streamsubservices.py:120:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/web/streamsubservices.py:134:45: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/streamsubservices.py:136:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/streamsubservices.py:138:1: E305 expected 2 blank lines after class or function definition, found 1
plugin/controllers/views/web/streamsubservices.py:148:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/streamsubservices.py:153:1: W391 blank line at end of file
plugin/controllers/views/web/getipv6.py:6:1: E303 too many blank lines (4)
plugin/controllers/views/web/getipv6.py:7:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/getipv6.py:8:1: F401 'sys' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/getipv6.py:10:1: F401 'os.path' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/getipv6.py:14:5: F401 '__builtin__ as builtin' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/getipv6.py:15:1: F401 'os.path.exists' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/getipv6.py:15:1: F401 'os.path.getmtime' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/getipv6.py:17:1: F401 'types' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/getipv6.py:21:1: F403 'from Cheetah.DummyTransaction import *' used; unable to detect undefined names
plugin/controllers/views/web/getipv6.py:22:1: F401 'Cheetah.NameMapper.NotFound' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/getipv6.py:23:1: F401 'Cheetah.CacheRegion.CacheRegion' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/getipv6.py:24:1: F401 'Cheetah.Filters' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/getipv6.py:25:1: F401 'Cheetah.ErrorCatchers' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/getipv6.py:28:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/getipv6.py:29:6: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/getipv6.py:30:5: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/getipv6.py:31:4: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/getipv6.py:32:12: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/getipv6.py:43:7: E121 continuation line under-indented for hanging indent
plugin/controllers/views/web/getipv6.py:44:70: E228 missing whitespace around modulo operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/getipv6.py:45:10: E121 continuation line under-indented for hanging indent
plugin/controllers/views/web/getipv6.py:48:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/getipv6.py:53:5: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/getipv6.py:56:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/web/getipv6.py:62:18: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/getipv6.py:63:35: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/getipv6.py:65:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/getipv6.py:67:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/web/getipv6.py:71:9: E303 too many blank lines (3)
plugin/controllers/views/web/getipv6.py:71:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/getipv6.py:73:37: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/getipv6.py:75:21: F405 'DummyTransaction' may be undefined, or defined from star imports: Cheetah.DummyTransaction
plugin/controllers/views/web/getipv6.py:77:13: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/getipv6.py:81:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/getipv6.py:83:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/getipv6.py:84:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/getipv6.py:88:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/getipv6.py:88:36: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/getipv6.py:88:42: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/getipv6.py:89:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/getipv6.py:89:71: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/getipv6.py:94:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/getipv6.py:96:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/getipv6.py:97:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/getipv6.py:99:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/getipv6.py:101:5: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/getipv6.py:104:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/web/getipv6.py:118:35: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/getipv6.py:120:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/getipv6.py:122:1: E305 expected 2 blank lines after class or function definition, found 1
plugin/controllers/views/web/getipv6.py:132:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/getipv6.py:137:1: W391 blank line at end of file
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayerlist.py:6:1: E303 too many blank lines (4)
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayerlist.py:7:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayerlist.py:8:1: F401 'sys' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayerlist.py:10:1: F401 'os.path' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayerlist.py:14:5: F401 '__builtin__ as builtin' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayerlist.py:15:1: F401 'os.path.exists' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayerlist.py:15:1: F401 'os.path.getmtime' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayerlist.py:17:1: F401 'types' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayerlist.py:21:1: F403 'from Cheetah.DummyTransaction import *' used; unable to detect undefined names
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayerlist.py:22:1: F401 'Cheetah.NameMapper.NotFound' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayerlist.py:23:1: F401 'Cheetah.CacheRegion.CacheRegion' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayerlist.py:24:1: F401 'Cheetah.Filters' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayerlist.py:25:1: F401 'Cheetah.ErrorCatchers' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayerlist.py:28:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayerlist.py:29:6: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayerlist.py:30:5: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayerlist.py:31:4: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayerlist.py:32:12: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayerlist.py:43:7: E121 continuation line under-indented for hanging indent
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayerlist.py:44:70: E228 missing whitespace around modulo operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayerlist.py:45:10: E121 continuation line under-indented for hanging indent
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayerlist.py:48:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayerlist.py:53:5: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayerlist.py:56:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayerlist.py:62:18: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayerlist.py:63:35: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayerlist.py:65:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayerlist.py:67:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayerlist.py:71:9: E303 too many blank lines (3)
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayerlist.py:71:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayerlist.py:73:37: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayerlist.py:75:21: F405 'DummyTransaction' may be undefined, or defined from star imports: Cheetah.DummyTransaction
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayerlist.py:77:13: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayerlist.py:81:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayerlist.py:83:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayerlist.py:84:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayerlist.py:87:34: W601 .has_key() is deprecated, use 'in'
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayerlist.py:91:1: E101 indentation contains mixed spaces and tabs
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayerlist.py:91:4: E126 continuation line over-indented for hanging indent
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayerlist.py:95:29: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayerlist.py:95:37: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayerlist.py:95:44: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayerlist.py:98:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayerlist.py:98:32: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayerlist.py:98:48: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayerlist.py:98:72: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayerlist.py:98:79: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayerlist.py:99:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayerlist.py:99:91: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayerlist.py:102:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayerlist.py:102:45: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayerlist.py:102:51: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayerlist.py:103:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayerlist.py:103:80: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayerlist.py:106:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayerlist.py:106:32: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayerlist.py:106:48: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayerlist.py:106:60: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayerlist.py:106:67: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayerlist.py:107:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayerlist.py:107:79: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayerlist.py:114:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayerlist.py:116:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayerlist.py:117:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayerlist.py:119:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayerlist.py:121:5: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayerlist.py:124:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayerlist.py:138:43: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayerlist.py:140:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayerlist.py:142:1: E305 expected 2 blank lines after class or function definition, found 1
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayerlist.py:152:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayerlist.py:157:1: W391 blank line at end of file
plugin/controllers/views/web/zap.py:6:1: E303 too many blank lines (4)
plugin/controllers/views/web/zap.py:7:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/zap.py:8:1: F401 'sys' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/zap.py:10:1: F401 'os.path' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/zap.py:14:5: F401 '__builtin__ as builtin' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/zap.py:15:1: F401 'os.path.exists' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/zap.py:15:1: F401 'os.path.getmtime' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/zap.py:17:1: F401 'types' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/zap.py:21:1: F403 'from Cheetah.DummyTransaction import *' used; unable to detect undefined names
plugin/controllers/views/web/zap.py:22:1: F401 'Cheetah.NameMapper.NotFound' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/zap.py:23:1: F401 'Cheetah.CacheRegion.CacheRegion' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/zap.py:24:1: F401 'Cheetah.Filters' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/zap.py:25:1: F401 'Cheetah.ErrorCatchers' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/zap.py:28:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/zap.py:29:6: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/zap.py:30:5: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/zap.py:31:4: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/zap.py:32:12: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/zap.py:43:7: E121 continuation line under-indented for hanging indent
plugin/controllers/views/web/zap.py:44:70: E228 missing whitespace around modulo operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/zap.py:45:10: E121 continuation line under-indented for hanging indent
plugin/controllers/views/web/zap.py:48:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/zap.py:53:5: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/zap.py:56:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/web/zap.py:62:18: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/zap.py:63:35: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/zap.py:65:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/zap.py:67:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/web/zap.py:71:9: E303 too many blank lines (3)
plugin/controllers/views/web/zap.py:71:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/zap.py:73:37: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/zap.py:75:21: F405 'DummyTransaction' may be undefined, or defined from star imports: Cheetah.DummyTransaction
plugin/controllers/views/web/zap.py:77:13: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/zap.py:81:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/zap.py:83:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/zap.py:84:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/zap.py:87:34: W601 .has_key() is deprecated, use 'in'
plugin/controllers/views/web/zap.py:91:1: E101 indentation contains mixed spaces and tabs
plugin/controllers/views/web/zap.py:91:4: E126 continuation line over-indented for hanging indent
plugin/controllers/views/web/zap.py:95:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/zap.py:95:31: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/zap.py:95:37: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/zap.py:96:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/zap.py:96:66: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/zap.py:99:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/zap.py:99:32: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/zap.py:99:38: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/zap.py:100:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/zap.py:100:67: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/zap.py:105:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/zap.py:107:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/zap.py:108:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/zap.py:110:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/zap.py:112:5: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/zap.py:115:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/web/zap.py:129:31: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/zap.py:131:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/zap.py:133:1: E305 expected 2 blank lines after class or function definition, found 1
plugin/controllers/views/web/zap.py:143:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/zap.py:148:1: W391 blank line at end of file
plugin/controllers/views/web/moviedetails.py:6:1: E303 too many blank lines (4)
plugin/controllers/views/web/moviedetails.py:7:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/moviedetails.py:8:1: F401 'sys' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/moviedetails.py:10:1: F401 'os.path' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/moviedetails.py:14:5: F401 '__builtin__ as builtin' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/moviedetails.py:15:1: F401 'os.path.exists' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/moviedetails.py:15:1: F401 'os.path.getmtime' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/moviedetails.py:17:1: F401 'types' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/moviedetails.py:21:1: F403 'from Cheetah.DummyTransaction import *' used; unable to detect undefined names
plugin/controllers/views/web/moviedetails.py:22:1: F401 'Cheetah.NameMapper.NotFound' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/moviedetails.py:23:1: F401 'Cheetah.CacheRegion.CacheRegion' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/moviedetails.py:24:1: F401 'Cheetah.Filters' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/moviedetails.py:25:1: F401 'Cheetah.ErrorCatchers' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/moviedetails.py:28:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/moviedetails.py:29:6: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/moviedetails.py:30:5: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/moviedetails.py:31:4: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/moviedetails.py:32:12: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/moviedetails.py:43:7: E121 continuation line under-indented for hanging indent
plugin/controllers/views/web/moviedetails.py:44:70: E228 missing whitespace around modulo operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/moviedetails.py:45:10: E121 continuation line under-indented for hanging indent
plugin/controllers/views/web/moviedetails.py:48:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/moviedetails.py:53:5: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/moviedetails.py:56:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/web/moviedetails.py:62:18: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/moviedetails.py:63:35: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/moviedetails.py:65:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/moviedetails.py:67:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/web/moviedetails.py:71:9: E303 too many blank lines (3)
plugin/controllers/views/web/moviedetails.py:71:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/moviedetails.py:73:37: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/moviedetails.py:75:21: F405 'DummyTransaction' may be undefined, or defined from star imports: Cheetah.DummyTransaction
plugin/controllers/views/web/moviedetails.py:77:13: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/moviedetails.py:81:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/moviedetails.py:83:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/moviedetails.py:84:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/moviedetails.py:87:34: W601 .has_key() is deprecated, use 'in'
plugin/controllers/views/web/moviedetails.py:91:1: E101 indentation contains mixed spaces and tabs
plugin/controllers/views/web/moviedetails.py:91:4: E126 continuation line over-indented for hanging indent
plugin/controllers/views/web/moviedetails.py:95:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/moviedetails.py:95:39: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/moviedetails.py:95:45: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/moviedetails.py:96:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/moviedetails.py:96:74: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/moviedetails.py:99:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/moviedetails.py:99:40: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/moviedetails.py:99:46: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/moviedetails.py:100:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/moviedetails.py:100:75: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/moviedetails.py:103:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/moviedetails.py:103:42: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/moviedetails.py:103:48: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/moviedetails.py:104:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/moviedetails.py:104:77: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/moviedetails.py:107:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/moviedetails.py:107:50: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/moviedetails.py:107:56: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/moviedetails.py:108:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/moviedetails.py:108:85: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/moviedetails.py:111:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/moviedetails.py:111:42: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/moviedetails.py:111:48: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/moviedetails.py:112:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/moviedetails.py:112:77: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/moviedetails.py:115:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/moviedetails.py:115:44: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/moviedetails.py:115:50: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/moviedetails.py:116:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/moviedetails.py:116:79: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/moviedetails.py:119:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/moviedetails.py:119:37: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/moviedetails.py:119:43: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/moviedetails.py:120:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/moviedetails.py:120:72: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/moviedetails.py:123:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/moviedetails.py:123:35: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/moviedetails.py:123:41: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/moviedetails.py:124:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/moviedetails.py:124:70: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/moviedetails.py:127:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/moviedetails.py:127:39: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/moviedetails.py:127:45: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/moviedetails.py:128:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/moviedetails.py:128:74: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/moviedetails.py:131:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/moviedetails.py:131:39: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/moviedetails.py:131:45: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/moviedetails.py:132:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/moviedetails.py:132:74: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/moviedetails.py:137:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/moviedetails.py:139:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/moviedetails.py:140:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/moviedetails.py:142:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/moviedetails.py:144:5: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/moviedetails.py:147:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/web/moviedetails.py:161:40: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/moviedetails.py:163:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/moviedetails.py:165:1: E305 expected 2 blank lines after class or function definition, found 1
plugin/controllers/views/web/moviedetails.py:175:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/moviedetails.py:180:1: W391 blank line at end of file
plugin/controllers/views/web/movielisthtml.py:6:1: E303 too many blank lines (4)
plugin/controllers/views/web/movielisthtml.py:7:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/movielisthtml.py:8:1: F401 'sys' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/movielisthtml.py:10:1: F401 'os.path' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/movielisthtml.py:14:5: F401 '__builtin__ as builtin' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/movielisthtml.py:15:1: F401 'os.path.exists' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/movielisthtml.py:15:1: F401 'os.path.getmtime' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/movielisthtml.py:17:1: F401 'types' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/movielisthtml.py:21:1: F403 'from Cheetah.DummyTransaction import *' used; unable to detect undefined names
plugin/controllers/views/web/movielisthtml.py:22:1: F401 'Cheetah.NameMapper.NotFound' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/movielisthtml.py:23:1: F401 'Cheetah.CacheRegion.CacheRegion' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/movielisthtml.py:24:1: F401 'Cheetah.Filters' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/movielisthtml.py:25:1: F401 'Cheetah.ErrorCatchers' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/movielisthtml.py:28:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/movielisthtml.py:29:6: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/movielisthtml.py:30:5: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/movielisthtml.py:31:4: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/movielisthtml.py:32:12: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/movielisthtml.py:43:7: E121 continuation line under-indented for hanging indent
plugin/controllers/views/web/movielisthtml.py:44:70: E228 missing whitespace around modulo operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/movielisthtml.py:45:10: E121 continuation line under-indented for hanging indent
plugin/controllers/views/web/movielisthtml.py:48:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/movielisthtml.py:53:5: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/movielisthtml.py:56:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/web/movielisthtml.py:62:18: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/movielisthtml.py:63:35: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/movielisthtml.py:65:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/movielisthtml.py:67:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/web/movielisthtml.py:71:9: E303 too many blank lines (3)
plugin/controllers/views/web/movielisthtml.py:71:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/movielisthtml.py:73:37: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/movielisthtml.py:75:21: F405 'DummyTransaction' may be undefined, or defined from star imports: Cheetah.DummyTransaction
plugin/controllers/views/web/movielisthtml.py:77:13: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/movielisthtml.py:81:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/movielisthtml.py:83:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/movielisthtml.py:84:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/movielisthtml.py:87:34: W601 .has_key() is deprecated, use 'in'
plugin/controllers/views/web/movielisthtml.py:91:1: E101 indentation contains mixed spaces and tabs
plugin/controllers/views/web/movielisthtml.py:91:4: E126 continuation line over-indented for hanging indent
plugin/controllers/views/web/movielisthtml.py:103:30: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/movielisthtml.py:103:39: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/movielisthtml.py:103:46: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/movielisthtml.py:107:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/movielisthtml.py:107:44: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/movielisthtml.py:107:50: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/movielisthtml.py:108:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/movielisthtml.py:108:79: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/movielisthtml.py:116:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/movielisthtml.py:116:46: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/movielisthtml.py:116:52: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/movielisthtml.py:117:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/movielisthtml.py:117:81: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/movielisthtml.py:122:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/movielisthtml.py:122:54: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/movielisthtml.py:122:60: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/movielisthtml.py:123:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/movielisthtml.py:123:89: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/movielisthtml.py:128:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/movielisthtml.py:128:44: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/movielisthtml.py:128:50: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/movielisthtml.py:129:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/movielisthtml.py:129:79: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/movielisthtml.py:134:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/movielisthtml.py:134:39: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/movielisthtml.py:134:45: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/movielisthtml.py:135:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/movielisthtml.py:135:74: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/movielisthtml.py:140:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/movielisthtml.py:140:46: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/movielisthtml.py:140:52: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/movielisthtml.py:141:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/movielisthtml.py:141:81: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/movielisthtml.py:155:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/movielisthtml.py:157:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/movielisthtml.py:158:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/movielisthtml.py:160:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/movielisthtml.py:162:5: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/movielisthtml.py:165:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/web/movielisthtml.py:179:41: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/movielisthtml.py:181:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/movielisthtml.py:183:1: E305 expected 2 blank lines after class or function definition, found 1
plugin/controllers/views/web/movielisthtml.py:193:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/movielisthtml.py:198:1: W391 blank line at end of file
plugin/controllers/views/web/subservices.py:6:1: E303 too many blank lines (4)
plugin/controllers/views/web/subservices.py:7:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/subservices.py:8:1: F401 'sys' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/subservices.py:10:1: F401 'os.path' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/subservices.py:14:5: F401 '__builtin__ as builtin' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/subservices.py:15:1: F401 'os.path.exists' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/subservices.py:15:1: F401 'os.path.getmtime' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/subservices.py:17:1: F401 'types' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/subservices.py:21:1: F403 'from Cheetah.DummyTransaction import *' used; unable to detect undefined names
plugin/controllers/views/web/subservices.py:22:1: F401 'Cheetah.NameMapper.NotFound' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/subservices.py:23:1: F401 'Cheetah.CacheRegion.CacheRegion' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/subservices.py:24:1: F401 'Cheetah.Filters' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/subservices.py:25:1: F401 'Cheetah.ErrorCatchers' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/subservices.py:28:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/subservices.py:29:6: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/subservices.py:30:5: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/subservices.py:31:4: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/subservices.py:32:12: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/subservices.py:43:7: E121 continuation line under-indented for hanging indent
plugin/controllers/views/web/subservices.py:44:70: E228 missing whitespace around modulo operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/subservices.py:45:10: E121 continuation line under-indented for hanging indent
plugin/controllers/views/web/subservices.py:48:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/subservices.py:53:5: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/subservices.py:56:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/web/subservices.py:62:18: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/subservices.py:63:35: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/subservices.py:65:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/subservices.py:67:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/web/subservices.py:71:9: E303 too many blank lines (3)
plugin/controllers/views/web/subservices.py:71:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/subservices.py:73:37: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/subservices.py:75:21: F405 'DummyTransaction' may be undefined, or defined from star imports: Cheetah.DummyTransaction
plugin/controllers/views/web/subservices.py:77:13: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/subservices.py:81:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/subservices.py:83:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/subservices.py:84:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/subservices.py:87:34: W601 .has_key() is deprecated, use 'in'
plugin/controllers/views/web/subservices.py:91:1: E101 indentation contains mixed spaces and tabs
plugin/controllers/views/web/subservices.py:91:4: E126 continuation line over-indented for hanging indent
plugin/controllers/views/web/subservices.py:95:32: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/subservices.py:95:43: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/subservices.py:95:50: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/subservices.py:98:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/subservices.py:98:53: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/subservices.py:98:59: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/subservices.py:99:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/subservices.py:99:88: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/subservices.py:102:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/subservices.py:102:48: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/subservices.py:102:54: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/subservices.py:103:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/subservices.py:103:83: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/subservices.py:110:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/subservices.py:112:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/subservices.py:113:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/subservices.py:115:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/subservices.py:117:5: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/subservices.py:120:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/web/subservices.py:134:39: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/subservices.py:136:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/subservices.py:138:1: E305 expected 2 blank lines after class or function definition, found 1
plugin/controllers/views/web/subservices.py:148:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/subservices.py:153:1: W391 blank line at end of file
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgxmltv.py:6:1: E303 too many blank lines (4)
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgxmltv.py:7:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgxmltv.py:8:1: F401 'sys' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgxmltv.py:10:1: F401 'os.path' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgxmltv.py:14:5: F401 '__builtin__ as builtin' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgxmltv.py:15:1: F401 'os.path.exists' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgxmltv.py:15:1: F401 'os.path.getmtime' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgxmltv.py:17:1: F401 'types' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgxmltv.py:21:1: F403 'from Cheetah.DummyTransaction import *' used; unable to detect undefined names
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgxmltv.py:22:1: F401 'Cheetah.NameMapper.NotFound' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgxmltv.py:23:1: F401 'Cheetah.CacheRegion.CacheRegion' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgxmltv.py:24:1: F401 'Cheetah.Filters' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgxmltv.py:25:1: F401 'Cheetah.ErrorCatchers' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgxmltv.py:26:1: F401 'datetime.datetime' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgxmltv.py:29:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgxmltv.py:30:6: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgxmltv.py:31:5: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgxmltv.py:32:4: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgxmltv.py:33:12: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgxmltv.py:44:7: E121 continuation line under-indented for hanging indent
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgxmltv.py:45:70: E228 missing whitespace around modulo operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgxmltv.py:46:10: E121 continuation line under-indented for hanging indent
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgxmltv.py:49:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgxmltv.py:54:5: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgxmltv.py:57:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgxmltv.py:63:18: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgxmltv.py:64:35: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgxmltv.py:66:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgxmltv.py:68:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgxmltv.py:72:9: E303 too many blank lines (3)
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgxmltv.py:72:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgxmltv.py:74:37: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgxmltv.py:76:21: F405 'DummyTransaction' may be undefined, or defined from star imports: Cheetah.DummyTransaction
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgxmltv.py:78:13: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgxmltv.py:82:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgxmltv.py:84:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgxmltv.py:85:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgxmltv.py:88:34: W601 .has_key() is deprecated, use 'in'
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgxmltv.py:92:1: E101 indentation contains mixed spaces and tabs
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgxmltv.py:92:4: E126 continuation line over-indented for hanging indent
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgxmltv.py:96:32: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgxmltv.py:96:43: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgxmltv.py:96:50: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgxmltv.py:98:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgxmltv.py:98:53: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgxmltv.py:98:59: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgxmltv.py:99:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgxmltv.py:99:88: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgxmltv.py:102:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgxmltv.py:102:48: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgxmltv.py:102:54: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgxmltv.py:103:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgxmltv.py:103:83: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgxmltv.py:107:30: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgxmltv.py:107:39: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgxmltv.py:107:46: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgxmltv.py:109:34: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgxmltv.py:109:45: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgxmltv.py:109:51: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgxmltv.py:109:70: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgxmltv.py:109:86: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgxmltv.py:109:110: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgxmltv.py:109:117: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgxmltv.py:109:128: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgxmltv.py:109:151: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgxmltv.py:110:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgxmltv.py:110:138: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgxmltv.py:112:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgxmltv.py:112:45: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgxmltv.py:112:51: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgxmltv.py:113:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgxmltv.py:113:80: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgxmltv.py:115:34: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgxmltv.py:115:45: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgxmltv.py:115:51: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgxmltv.py:115:70: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgxmltv.py:115:86: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgxmltv.py:115:110: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgxmltv.py:115:127: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgxmltv.py:115:148: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgxmltv.py:115:155: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgxmltv.py:115:166: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgxmltv.py:115:189: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgxmltv.py:116:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgxmltv.py:116:160: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgxmltv.py:118:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgxmltv.py:118:45: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgxmltv.py:118:51: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgxmltv.py:119:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgxmltv.py:119:80: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgxmltv.py:121:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgxmltv.py:121:39: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgxmltv.py:121:45: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgxmltv.py:122:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgxmltv.py:122:74: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgxmltv.py:125:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgxmltv.py:125:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgxmltv.py:125:39: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgxmltv.py:126:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgxmltv.py:126:68: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgxmltv.py:128:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgxmltv.py:128:32: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgxmltv.py:128:48: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgxmltv.py:128:62: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgxmltv.py:128:69: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgxmltv.py:129:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgxmltv.py:129:81: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgxmltv.py:132:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgxmltv.py:132:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgxmltv.py:132:39: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgxmltv.py:133:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgxmltv.py:133:68: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgxmltv.py:135:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgxmltv.py:135:32: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgxmltv.py:135:48: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgxmltv.py:135:66: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgxmltv.py:135:73: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgxmltv.py:136:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgxmltv.py:136:85: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgxmltv.py:139:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgxmltv.py:139:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgxmltv.py:139:39: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgxmltv.py:140:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgxmltv.py:140:68: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgxmltv.py:142:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgxmltv.py:142:32: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgxmltv.py:142:48: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgxmltv.py:142:65: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgxmltv.py:142:72: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgxmltv.py:143:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgxmltv.py:143:84: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgxmltv.py:146:24: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgxmltv.py:146:40: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgxmltv.py:146:52: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgxmltv.py:148:30: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgxmltv.py:148:37: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgxmltv.py:148:43: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgxmltv.py:149:34: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgxmltv.py:149:72: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgxmltv.py:151:30: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgxmltv.py:151:46: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgxmltv.py:151:52: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgxmltv.py:152:34: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgxmltv.py:152:81: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgxmltv.py:154:30: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgxmltv.py:154:44: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgxmltv.py:154:50: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgxmltv.py:155:34: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgxmltv.py:155:79: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgxmltv.py:163:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgxmltv.py:165:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgxmltv.py:166:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgxmltv.py:168:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgxmltv.py:170:5: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgxmltv.py:173:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgxmltv.py:187:36: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgxmltv.py:189:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgxmltv.py:191:1: E305 expected 2 blank lines after class or function definition, found 1
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgxmltv.py:201:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgxmltv.py:206:1: W391 blank line at end of file
plugin/controllers/views/web/external.py:6:1: E303 too many blank lines (4)
plugin/controllers/views/web/external.py:7:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/external.py:8:1: F401 'sys' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/external.py:10:1: F401 'os.path' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/external.py:14:5: F401 '__builtin__ as builtin' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/external.py:15:1: F401 'os.path.exists' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/external.py:15:1: F401 'os.path.getmtime' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/external.py:17:1: F401 'types' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/external.py:21:1: F403 'from Cheetah.DummyTransaction import *' used; unable to detect undefined names
plugin/controllers/views/web/external.py:22:1: F401 'Cheetah.NameMapper.NotFound' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/external.py:23:1: F401 'Cheetah.CacheRegion.CacheRegion' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/external.py:24:1: F401 'Cheetah.Filters' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/external.py:25:1: F401 'Cheetah.ErrorCatchers' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/external.py:28:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/external.py:29:6: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/external.py:30:5: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/external.py:31:4: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/external.py:32:12: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/external.py:43:7: E121 continuation line under-indented for hanging indent
plugin/controllers/views/web/external.py:44:70: E228 missing whitespace around modulo operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/external.py:45:10: E121 continuation line under-indented for hanging indent
plugin/controllers/views/web/external.py:48:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/external.py:53:5: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/external.py:56:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/web/external.py:62:18: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/external.py:63:35: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/external.py:65:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/external.py:67:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/web/external.py:71:9: E303 too many blank lines (3)
plugin/controllers/views/web/external.py:71:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/external.py:73:37: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/external.py:75:21: F405 'DummyTransaction' may be undefined, or defined from star imports: Cheetah.DummyTransaction
plugin/controllers/views/web/external.py:77:13: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/external.py:81:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/external.py:83:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/external.py:84:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/external.py:87:34: W601 .has_key() is deprecated, use 'in'
plugin/controllers/views/web/external.py:91:1: E101 indentation contains mixed spaces and tabs
plugin/controllers/views/web/external.py:91:4: E126 continuation line over-indented for hanging indent
plugin/controllers/views/web/external.py:95:31: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/external.py:95:41: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/external.py:95:48: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/external.py:98:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/external.py:98:35: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/external.py:98:44: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/external.py:99:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/external.py:99:73: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/external.py:102:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/external.py:102:35: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/external.py:102:44: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/external.py:103:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/external.py:103:73: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/external.py:106:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/external.py:106:35: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/external.py:106:44: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/external.py:107:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/external.py:107:73: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/external.py:114:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/external.py:116:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/external.py:117:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/external.py:119:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/external.py:121:5: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/external.py:124:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/web/external.py:138:36: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/external.py:140:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/external.py:142:1: E305 expected 2 blank lines after class or function definition, found 1
plugin/controllers/views/web/external.py:152:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/external.py:157:1: W391 blank line at end of file
plugin/controllers/views/web/gettags.py:6:1: E303 too many blank lines (4)
plugin/controllers/views/web/gettags.py:7:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/gettags.py:8:1: F401 'sys' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/gettags.py:10:1: F401 'os.path' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/gettags.py:14:5: F401 '__builtin__ as builtin' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/gettags.py:15:1: F401 'os.path.exists' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/gettags.py:15:1: F401 'os.path.getmtime' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/gettags.py:17:1: F401 'types' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/gettags.py:21:1: F403 'from Cheetah.DummyTransaction import *' used; unable to detect undefined names
plugin/controllers/views/web/gettags.py:22:1: F401 'Cheetah.NameMapper.NotFound' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/gettags.py:23:1: F401 'Cheetah.CacheRegion.CacheRegion' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/gettags.py:24:1: F401 'Cheetah.Filters' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/gettags.py:25:1: F401 'Cheetah.ErrorCatchers' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/gettags.py:28:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/gettags.py:29:6: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/gettags.py:30:5: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/gettags.py:31:4: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/gettags.py:32:12: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/gettags.py:43:7: E121 continuation line under-indented for hanging indent
plugin/controllers/views/web/gettags.py:44:70: E228 missing whitespace around modulo operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/gettags.py:45:10: E121 continuation line under-indented for hanging indent
plugin/controllers/views/web/gettags.py:48:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/gettags.py:53:5: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/gettags.py:56:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/web/gettags.py:62:18: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/gettags.py:63:35: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/gettags.py:65:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/gettags.py:67:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/web/gettags.py:71:9: E303 too many blank lines (3)
plugin/controllers/views/web/gettags.py:71:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/gettags.py:73:37: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/gettags.py:75:21: F405 'DummyTransaction' may be undefined, or defined from star imports: Cheetah.DummyTransaction
plugin/controllers/views/web/gettags.py:77:13: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/gettags.py:81:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/gettags.py:83:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/gettags.py:84:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/gettags.py:87:34: W601 .has_key() is deprecated, use 'in'
plugin/controllers/views/web/gettags.py:91:1: E101 indentation contains mixed spaces and tabs
plugin/controllers/views/web/gettags.py:91:4: E126 continuation line over-indented for hanging indent
plugin/controllers/views/web/gettags.py:95:28: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/gettags.py:95:35: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/gettags.py:95:42: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/gettags.py:97:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/gettags.py:97:32: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/gettags.py:97:38: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/gettags.py:98:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/gettags.py:98:67: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/gettags.py:104:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/gettags.py:106:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/gettags.py:107:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/gettags.py:109:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/gettags.py:111:5: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/gettags.py:114:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/web/gettags.py:128:35: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/gettags.py:130:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/gettags.py:132:1: E305 expected 2 blank lines after class or function definition, found 1
plugin/controllers/views/web/gettags.py:142:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/gettags.py:147:1: W391 blank line at end of file
plugin/controllers/views/web/getcurrlocation.py:6:1: E303 too many blank lines (4)
plugin/controllers/views/web/getcurrlocation.py:7:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/getcurrlocation.py:8:1: F401 'sys' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/getcurrlocation.py:10:1: F401 'os.path' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/getcurrlocation.py:14:5: F401 '__builtin__ as builtin' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/getcurrlocation.py:15:1: F401 'os.path.exists' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/getcurrlocation.py:15:1: F401 'os.path.getmtime' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/getcurrlocation.py:17:1: F401 'types' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/getcurrlocation.py:21:1: F403 'from Cheetah.DummyTransaction import *' used; unable to detect undefined names
plugin/controllers/views/web/getcurrlocation.py:22:1: F401 'Cheetah.NameMapper.NotFound' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/getcurrlocation.py:23:1: F401 'Cheetah.CacheRegion.CacheRegion' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/getcurrlocation.py:24:1: F401 'Cheetah.Filters' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/getcurrlocation.py:25:1: F401 'Cheetah.ErrorCatchers' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/getcurrlocation.py:28:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/getcurrlocation.py:29:6: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/getcurrlocation.py:30:5: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/getcurrlocation.py:31:4: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/getcurrlocation.py:32:12: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/getcurrlocation.py:43:7: E121 continuation line under-indented for hanging indent
plugin/controllers/views/web/getcurrlocation.py:44:70: E228 missing whitespace around modulo operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/getcurrlocation.py:45:10: E121 continuation line under-indented for hanging indent
plugin/controllers/views/web/getcurrlocation.py:48:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/getcurrlocation.py:53:5: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/getcurrlocation.py:56:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/web/getcurrlocation.py:62:18: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/getcurrlocation.py:63:35: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/getcurrlocation.py:65:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/getcurrlocation.py:67:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/web/getcurrlocation.py:71:9: E303 too many blank lines (3)
plugin/controllers/views/web/getcurrlocation.py:71:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/getcurrlocation.py:73:37: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/getcurrlocation.py:75:21: F405 'DummyTransaction' may be undefined, or defined from star imports: Cheetah.DummyTransaction
plugin/controllers/views/web/getcurrlocation.py:77:13: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/getcurrlocation.py:81:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/getcurrlocation.py:83:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/getcurrlocation.py:84:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/getcurrlocation.py:87:34: W601 .has_key() is deprecated, use 'in'
plugin/controllers/views/web/getcurrlocation.py:91:1: E101 indentation contains mixed spaces and tabs
plugin/controllers/views/web/getcurrlocation.py:91:4: E126 continuation line over-indented for hanging indent
plugin/controllers/views/web/getcurrlocation.py:95:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/getcurrlocation.py:95:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/getcurrlocation.py:95:39: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/getcurrlocation.py:96:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/getcurrlocation.py:96:68: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/getcurrlocation.py:101:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/getcurrlocation.py:103:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/getcurrlocation.py:104:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/getcurrlocation.py:106:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/getcurrlocation.py:108:5: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/getcurrlocation.py:111:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/web/getcurrlocation.py:125:43: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/getcurrlocation.py:127:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/getcurrlocation.py:129:1: E305 expected 2 blank lines after class or function definition, found 1
plugin/controllers/views/web/getcurrlocation.py:139:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/getcurrlocation.py:144:1: W391 blank line at end of file
plugin/controllers/views/web/timercleanup.py:6:1: E303 too many blank lines (4)
plugin/controllers/views/web/timercleanup.py:7:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/timercleanup.py:8:1: F401 'sys' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/timercleanup.py:10:1: F401 'os.path' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/timercleanup.py:14:5: F401 '__builtin__ as builtin' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/timercleanup.py:15:1: F401 'os.path.exists' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/timercleanup.py:15:1: F401 'os.path.getmtime' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/timercleanup.py:17:1: F401 'types' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/timercleanup.py:21:1: F403 'from Cheetah.DummyTransaction import *' used; unable to detect undefined names
plugin/controllers/views/web/timercleanup.py:22:1: F401 'Cheetah.NameMapper.NotFound' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/timercleanup.py:23:1: F401 'Cheetah.CacheRegion.CacheRegion' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/timercleanup.py:24:1: F401 'Cheetah.Filters' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/timercleanup.py:25:1: F401 'Cheetah.ErrorCatchers' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/timercleanup.py:28:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/timercleanup.py:29:6: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/timercleanup.py:30:5: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/timercleanup.py:31:4: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/timercleanup.py:32:12: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/timercleanup.py:43:7: E121 continuation line under-indented for hanging indent
plugin/controllers/views/web/timercleanup.py:44:70: E228 missing whitespace around modulo operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/timercleanup.py:45:10: E121 continuation line under-indented for hanging indent
plugin/controllers/views/web/timercleanup.py:48:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/timercleanup.py:53:5: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/timercleanup.py:56:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/web/timercleanup.py:62:18: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/timercleanup.py:63:35: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/timercleanup.py:65:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/timercleanup.py:67:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/web/timercleanup.py:71:9: E303 too many blank lines (3)
plugin/controllers/views/web/timercleanup.py:71:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/timercleanup.py:73:37: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/timercleanup.py:75:21: F405 'DummyTransaction' may be undefined, or defined from star imports: Cheetah.DummyTransaction
plugin/controllers/views/web/timercleanup.py:77:13: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/timercleanup.py:81:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/timercleanup.py:83:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/timercleanup.py:84:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/timercleanup.py:87:34: W601 .has_key() is deprecated, use 'in'
plugin/controllers/views/web/timercleanup.py:91:1: E101 indentation contains mixed spaces and tabs
plugin/controllers/views/web/timercleanup.py:91:4: E126 continuation line over-indented for hanging indent
plugin/controllers/views/web/timercleanup.py:95:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/timercleanup.py:95:31: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/timercleanup.py:95:37: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/timercleanup.py:96:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/timercleanup.py:96:66: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/timercleanup.py:99:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/timercleanup.py:99:32: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/timercleanup.py:99:38: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/timercleanup.py:100:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/timercleanup.py:100:67: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/timercleanup.py:105:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/timercleanup.py:107:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/timercleanup.py:108:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/timercleanup.py:110:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/timercleanup.py:112:5: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/timercleanup.py:115:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/web/timercleanup.py:129:40: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/timercleanup.py:131:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/timercleanup.py:133:1: E305 expected 2 blank lines after class or function definition, found 1
plugin/controllers/views/web/timercleanup.py:143:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/timercleanup.py:148:1: W391 blank line at end of file
plugin/controllers/views/web/timerdelete.py:6:1: E303 too many blank lines (4)
plugin/controllers/views/web/timerdelete.py:7:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/timerdelete.py:8:1: F401 'sys' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/timerdelete.py:10:1: F401 'os.path' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/timerdelete.py:14:5: F401 '__builtin__ as builtin' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/timerdelete.py:15:1: F401 'os.path.exists' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/timerdelete.py:15:1: F401 'os.path.getmtime' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/timerdelete.py:17:1: F401 'types' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/timerdelete.py:21:1: F403 'from Cheetah.DummyTransaction import *' used; unable to detect undefined names
plugin/controllers/views/web/timerdelete.py:22:1: F401 'Cheetah.NameMapper.NotFound' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/timerdelete.py:23:1: F401 'Cheetah.CacheRegion.CacheRegion' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/timerdelete.py:24:1: F401 'Cheetah.Filters' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/timerdelete.py:25:1: F401 'Cheetah.ErrorCatchers' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/timerdelete.py:28:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/timerdelete.py:29:6: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/timerdelete.py:30:5: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/timerdelete.py:31:4: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/timerdelete.py:32:12: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/timerdelete.py:43:7: E121 continuation line under-indented for hanging indent
plugin/controllers/views/web/timerdelete.py:44:70: E228 missing whitespace around modulo operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/timerdelete.py:45:10: E121 continuation line under-indented for hanging indent
plugin/controllers/views/web/timerdelete.py:48:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/timerdelete.py:53:5: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/timerdelete.py:56:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/web/timerdelete.py:62:18: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/timerdelete.py:63:35: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/timerdelete.py:65:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/timerdelete.py:67:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/web/timerdelete.py:71:9: E303 too many blank lines (3)
plugin/controllers/views/web/timerdelete.py:71:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/timerdelete.py:73:37: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/timerdelete.py:75:21: F405 'DummyTransaction' may be undefined, or defined from star imports: Cheetah.DummyTransaction
plugin/controllers/views/web/timerdelete.py:77:13: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/timerdelete.py:81:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/timerdelete.py:83:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/timerdelete.py:84:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/timerdelete.py:87:34: W601 .has_key() is deprecated, use 'in'
plugin/controllers/views/web/timerdelete.py:91:1: E101 indentation contains mixed spaces and tabs
plugin/controllers/views/web/timerdelete.py:91:4: E126 continuation line over-indented for hanging indent
plugin/controllers/views/web/timerdelete.py:95:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/timerdelete.py:95:31: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/timerdelete.py:95:37: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/timerdelete.py:96:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/timerdelete.py:96:66: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/timerdelete.py:99:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/timerdelete.py:99:32: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/timerdelete.py:99:38: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/timerdelete.py:100:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/timerdelete.py:100:67: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/timerdelete.py:105:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/timerdelete.py:107:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/timerdelete.py:108:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/timerdelete.py:110:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/timerdelete.py:112:5: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/timerdelete.py:115:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/web/timerdelete.py:129:39: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/timerdelete.py:131:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/timerdelete.py:133:1: E305 expected 2 blank lines after class or function definition, found 1
plugin/controllers/views/web/timerdelete.py:143:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/timerdelete.py:148:1: W391 blank line at end of file
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgmulti.py:6:1: E303 too many blank lines (4)
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgmulti.py:7:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgmulti.py:8:1: F401 'sys' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgmulti.py:10:1: F401 'os.path' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgmulti.py:14:5: F401 '__builtin__ as builtin' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgmulti.py:15:1: F401 'os.path.exists' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgmulti.py:15:1: F401 'os.path.getmtime' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgmulti.py:17:1: F401 'types' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgmulti.py:21:1: F403 'from Cheetah.DummyTransaction import *' used; unable to detect undefined names
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgmulti.py:22:1: F401 'Cheetah.NameMapper.NotFound' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgmulti.py:23:1: F401 'Cheetah.CacheRegion.CacheRegion' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgmulti.py:24:1: F401 'Cheetah.Filters' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgmulti.py:25:1: F401 'Cheetah.ErrorCatchers' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgmulti.py:28:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgmulti.py:29:6: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgmulti.py:30:5: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgmulti.py:31:4: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgmulti.py:32:12: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgmulti.py:43:7: E121 continuation line under-indented for hanging indent
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgmulti.py:44:70: E228 missing whitespace around modulo operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgmulti.py:45:10: E121 continuation line under-indented for hanging indent
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgmulti.py:48:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgmulti.py:53:5: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgmulti.py:56:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgmulti.py:62:18: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgmulti.py:63:35: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgmulti.py:65:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgmulti.py:67:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgmulti.py:71:9: E303 too many blank lines (3)
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgmulti.py:71:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgmulti.py:73:37: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgmulti.py:75:21: F405 'DummyTransaction' may be undefined, or defined from star imports: Cheetah.DummyTransaction
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgmulti.py:77:13: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgmulti.py:81:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgmulti.py:83:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgmulti.py:84:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgmulti.py:87:34: W601 .has_key() is deprecated, use 'in'
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgmulti.py:91:1: E101 indentation contains mixed spaces and tabs
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgmulti.py:91:4: E126 continuation line over-indented for hanging indent
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgmulti.py:95:30: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgmulti.py:95:39: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgmulti.py:95:46: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgmulti.py:98:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgmulti.py:98:32: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgmulti.py:98:48: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgmulti.py:98:59: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgmulti.py:98:66: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgmulti.py:99:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgmulti.py:99:78: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgmulti.py:102:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgmulti.py:102:32: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgmulti.py:102:48: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgmulti.py:102:72: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgmulti.py:102:79: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgmulti.py:103:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgmulti.py:103:91: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgmulti.py:106:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgmulti.py:106:32: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgmulti.py:106:48: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgmulti.py:106:69: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgmulti.py:106:76: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgmulti.py:107:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgmulti.py:107:88: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgmulti.py:110:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgmulti.py:110:32: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgmulti.py:110:48: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgmulti.py:110:70: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgmulti.py:110:77: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgmulti.py:111:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgmulti.py:111:89: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgmulti.py:114:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgmulti.py:114:32: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgmulti.py:114:48: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgmulti.py:114:62: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgmulti.py:114:69: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgmulti.py:115:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgmulti.py:115:81: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgmulti.py:118:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgmulti.py:118:32: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgmulti.py:118:48: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgmulti.py:118:66: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgmulti.py:118:73: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgmulti.py:119:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgmulti.py:119:85: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgmulti.py:122:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgmulti.py:122:32: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgmulti.py:122:48: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgmulti.py:122:65: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgmulti.py:122:72: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgmulti.py:123:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgmulti.py:123:84: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgmulti.py:126:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgmulti.py:126:39: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgmulti.py:126:45: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgmulti.py:127:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgmulti.py:127:74: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgmulti.py:130:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgmulti.py:130:40: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgmulti.py:130:46: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgmulti.py:131:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgmulti.py:131:75: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgmulti.py:134:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgmulti.py:134:42: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgmulti.py:134:48: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgmulti.py:135:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgmulti.py:135:77: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgmulti.py:137:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgmulti.py:137:40: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgmulti.py:137:46: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgmulti.py:138:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgmulti.py:138:75: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgmulti.py:145:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgmulti.py:147:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgmulti.py:148:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgmulti.py:150:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgmulti.py:152:5: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgmulti.py:155:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgmulti.py:169:36: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgmulti.py:171:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgmulti.py:173:1: E305 expected 2 blank lines after class or function definition, found 1
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgmulti.py:183:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgmulti.py:188:1: W391 blank line at end of file
plugin/controllers/views/web/timertogglestatus.py:6:1: E303 too many blank lines (4)
plugin/controllers/views/web/timertogglestatus.py:7:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/timertogglestatus.py:8:1: F401 'sys' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/timertogglestatus.py:10:1: F401 'os.path' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/timertogglestatus.py:14:5: F401 '__builtin__ as builtin' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/timertogglestatus.py:15:1: F401 'os.path.exists' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/timertogglestatus.py:15:1: F401 'os.path.getmtime' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/timertogglestatus.py:17:1: F401 'types' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/timertogglestatus.py:21:1: F403 'from Cheetah.DummyTransaction import *' used; unable to detect undefined names
plugin/controllers/views/web/timertogglestatus.py:22:1: F401 'Cheetah.NameMapper.NotFound' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/timertogglestatus.py:23:1: F401 'Cheetah.CacheRegion.CacheRegion' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/timertogglestatus.py:24:1: F401 'Cheetah.Filters' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/timertogglestatus.py:25:1: F401 'Cheetah.ErrorCatchers' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/timertogglestatus.py:28:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/timertogglestatus.py:29:6: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/timertogglestatus.py:30:5: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/timertogglestatus.py:31:4: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/timertogglestatus.py:32:12: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/timertogglestatus.py:43:7: E121 continuation line under-indented for hanging indent
plugin/controllers/views/web/timertogglestatus.py:44:70: E228 missing whitespace around modulo operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/timertogglestatus.py:45:10: E121 continuation line under-indented for hanging indent
plugin/controllers/views/web/timertogglestatus.py:48:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/timertogglestatus.py:53:5: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/timertogglestatus.py:56:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/web/timertogglestatus.py:62:18: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/timertogglestatus.py:63:35: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/timertogglestatus.py:65:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/timertogglestatus.py:67:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/web/timertogglestatus.py:71:9: E303 too many blank lines (3)
plugin/controllers/views/web/timertogglestatus.py:71:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/timertogglestatus.py:73:37: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/timertogglestatus.py:75:21: F405 'DummyTransaction' may be undefined, or defined from star imports: Cheetah.DummyTransaction
plugin/controllers/views/web/timertogglestatus.py:77:13: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/timertogglestatus.py:81:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/timertogglestatus.py:83:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/timertogglestatus.py:84:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/timertogglestatus.py:87:34: W601 .has_key() is deprecated, use 'in'
plugin/controllers/views/web/timertogglestatus.py:91:1: E101 indentation contains mixed spaces and tabs
plugin/controllers/views/web/timertogglestatus.py:91:4: E126 continuation line over-indented for hanging indent
plugin/controllers/views/web/timertogglestatus.py:95:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/timertogglestatus.py:95:31: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/timertogglestatus.py:95:37: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/timertogglestatus.py:96:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/timertogglestatus.py:96:66: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/timertogglestatus.py:99:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/timertogglestatus.py:99:32: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/timertogglestatus.py:99:38: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/timertogglestatus.py:100:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/timertogglestatus.py:100:67: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/timertogglestatus.py:105:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/timertogglestatus.py:107:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/timertogglestatus.py:108:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/timertogglestatus.py:110:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/timertogglestatus.py:112:5: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/timertogglestatus.py:115:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/web/timertogglestatus.py:129:45: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/timertogglestatus.py:131:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/timertogglestatus.py:133:1: E305 expected 2 blank lines after class or function definition, found 1
plugin/controllers/views/web/timertogglestatus.py:143:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/timertogglestatus.py:148:1: W391 blank line at end of file
plugin/controllers/views/web/movietags.py:6:1: E303 too many blank lines (4)
plugin/controllers/views/web/movietags.py:7:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/movietags.py:8:1: F401 'sys' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/movietags.py:10:1: F401 'os.path' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/movietags.py:14:5: F401 '__builtin__ as builtin' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/movietags.py:15:1: F401 'os.path.exists' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/movietags.py:15:1: F401 'os.path.getmtime' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/movietags.py:17:1: F401 'types' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/movietags.py:21:1: F403 'from Cheetah.DummyTransaction import *' used; unable to detect undefined names
plugin/controllers/views/web/movietags.py:22:1: F401 'Cheetah.NameMapper.NotFound' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/movietags.py:23:1: F401 'Cheetah.CacheRegion.CacheRegion' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/movietags.py:24:1: F401 'Cheetah.Filters' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/movietags.py:25:1: F401 'Cheetah.ErrorCatchers' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/movietags.py:28:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/movietags.py:29:6: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/movietags.py:30:5: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/movietags.py:31:4: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/movietags.py:32:12: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/movietags.py:43:7: E121 continuation line under-indented for hanging indent
plugin/controllers/views/web/movietags.py:44:70: E228 missing whitespace around modulo operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/movietags.py:45:10: E121 continuation line under-indented for hanging indent
plugin/controllers/views/web/movietags.py:48:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/movietags.py:53:5: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/movietags.py:56:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/web/movietags.py:62:18: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/movietags.py:63:35: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/movietags.py:65:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/movietags.py:67:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/web/movietags.py:71:9: E303 too many blank lines (3)
plugin/controllers/views/web/movietags.py:71:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/movietags.py:73:37: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/movietags.py:75:21: F405 'DummyTransaction' may be undefined, or defined from star imports: Cheetah.DummyTransaction
plugin/controllers/views/web/movietags.py:77:13: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/movietags.py:81:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/movietags.py:83:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/movietags.py:84:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/movietags.py:87:34: W601 .has_key() is deprecated, use 'in'
plugin/controllers/views/web/movietags.py:91:1: E101 indentation contains mixed spaces and tabs
plugin/controllers/views/web/movietags.py:91:4: E126 continuation line over-indented for hanging indent
plugin/controllers/views/web/movietags.py:95:28: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/movietags.py:95:35: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/movietags.py:95:42: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/movietags.py:97:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/movietags.py:97:32: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/movietags.py:97:38: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/movietags.py:98:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/movietags.py:98:67: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/movietags.py:104:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/movietags.py:106:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/movietags.py:107:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/movietags.py:109:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/movietags.py:111:5: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/movietags.py:114:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/web/movietags.py:128:37: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/movietags.py:130:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/movietags.py:132:1: E305 expected 2 blank lines after class or function definition, found 1
plugin/controllers/views/web/movietags.py:142:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/movietags.py:147:1: W391 blank line at end of file
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayerload.py:6:1: E303 too many blank lines (4)
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayerload.py:7:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayerload.py:8:1: F401 'sys' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayerload.py:10:1: F401 'os.path' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayerload.py:14:5: F401 '__builtin__ as builtin' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayerload.py:15:1: F401 'os.path.exists' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayerload.py:15:1: F401 'os.path.getmtime' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayerload.py:17:1: F401 'types' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayerload.py:21:1: F403 'from Cheetah.DummyTransaction import *' used; unable to detect undefined names
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayerload.py:22:1: F401 'Cheetah.NameMapper.NotFound' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayerload.py:23:1: F401 'Cheetah.CacheRegion.CacheRegion' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayerload.py:24:1: F401 'Cheetah.Filters' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayerload.py:25:1: F401 'Cheetah.ErrorCatchers' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayerload.py:28:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayerload.py:29:6: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayerload.py:30:5: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayerload.py:31:4: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayerload.py:32:12: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayerload.py:43:7: E121 continuation line under-indented for hanging indent
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayerload.py:44:70: E228 missing whitespace around modulo operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayerload.py:45:10: E121 continuation line under-indented for hanging indent
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayerload.py:48:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayerload.py:53:5: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayerload.py:56:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayerload.py:62:18: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayerload.py:63:35: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayerload.py:65:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayerload.py:67:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayerload.py:71:9: E303 too many blank lines (3)
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayerload.py:71:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayerload.py:73:37: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayerload.py:75:21: F405 'DummyTransaction' may be undefined, or defined from star imports: Cheetah.DummyTransaction
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayerload.py:77:13: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayerload.py:81:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayerload.py:83:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayerload.py:84:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayerload.py:87:34: W601 .has_key() is deprecated, use 'in'
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayerload.py:91:1: E101 indentation contains mixed spaces and tabs
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayerload.py:91:4: E126 continuation line over-indented for hanging indent
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayerload.py:95:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayerload.py:95:31: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayerload.py:95:37: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayerload.py:96:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayerload.py:96:66: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayerload.py:99:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayerload.py:99:32: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayerload.py:99:38: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayerload.py:100:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayerload.py:100:67: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayerload.py:105:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayerload.py:107:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayerload.py:108:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayerload.py:110:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayerload.py:112:5: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayerload.py:115:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayerload.py:129:43: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayerload.py:131:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayerload.py:133:1: E305 expected 2 blank lines after class or function definition, found 1
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayerload.py:143:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayerload.py:148:1: W391 blank line at end of file
plugin/controllers/views/web/parentcontrollist.py:6:1: E303 too many blank lines (4)
plugin/controllers/views/web/parentcontrollist.py:7:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/parentcontrollist.py:8:1: F401 'sys' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/parentcontrollist.py:10:1: F401 'os.path' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/parentcontrollist.py:14:5: F401 '__builtin__ as builtin' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/parentcontrollist.py:15:1: F401 'os.path.exists' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/parentcontrollist.py:15:1: F401 'os.path.getmtime' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/parentcontrollist.py:17:1: F401 'types' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/parentcontrollist.py:21:1: F403 'from Cheetah.DummyTransaction import *' used; unable to detect undefined names
plugin/controllers/views/web/parentcontrollist.py:22:1: F401 'Cheetah.NameMapper.NotFound' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/parentcontrollist.py:23:1: F401 'Cheetah.CacheRegion.CacheRegion' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/parentcontrollist.py:24:1: F401 'Cheetah.Filters' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/parentcontrollist.py:25:1: F401 'Cheetah.ErrorCatchers' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/parentcontrollist.py:28:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/parentcontrollist.py:29:6: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/parentcontrollist.py:30:5: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/parentcontrollist.py:31:4: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/parentcontrollist.py:32:12: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/parentcontrollist.py:43:7: E121 continuation line under-indented for hanging indent
plugin/controllers/views/web/parentcontrollist.py:44:70: E228 missing whitespace around modulo operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/parentcontrollist.py:45:10: E121 continuation line under-indented for hanging indent
plugin/controllers/views/web/parentcontrollist.py:48:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/parentcontrollist.py:53:5: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/parentcontrollist.py:56:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/web/parentcontrollist.py:62:18: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/parentcontrollist.py:63:35: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/parentcontrollist.py:65:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/parentcontrollist.py:67:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/web/parentcontrollist.py:71:9: E303 too many blank lines (3)
plugin/controllers/views/web/parentcontrollist.py:71:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/parentcontrollist.py:73:37: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/parentcontrollist.py:75:21: F405 'DummyTransaction' may be undefined, or defined from star imports: Cheetah.DummyTransaction
plugin/controllers/views/web/parentcontrollist.py:77:13: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/parentcontrollist.py:81:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/parentcontrollist.py:83:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/parentcontrollist.py:84:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/parentcontrollist.py:87:34: W601 .has_key() is deprecated, use 'in'
plugin/controllers/views/web/parentcontrollist.py:91:1: E101 indentation contains mixed spaces and tabs
plugin/controllers/views/web/parentcontrollist.py:91:4: E126 continuation line over-indented for hanging indent
plugin/controllers/views/web/parentcontrollist.py:95:32: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/parentcontrollist.py:95:43: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/parentcontrollist.py:95:50: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/parentcontrollist.py:98:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/parentcontrollist.py:98:53: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/parentcontrollist.py:98:59: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/parentcontrollist.py:99:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/parentcontrollist.py:99:88: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/parentcontrollist.py:102:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/parentcontrollist.py:102:48: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/parentcontrollist.py:102:54: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/parentcontrollist.py:103:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/parentcontrollist.py:103:83: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/parentcontrollist.py:110:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/parentcontrollist.py:112:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/parentcontrollist.py:113:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/parentcontrollist.py:115:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/parentcontrollist.py:117:5: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/parentcontrollist.py:120:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/web/parentcontrollist.py:134:45: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/parentcontrollist.py:136:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/parentcontrollist.py:138:1: E305 expected 2 blank lines after class or function definition, found 1
plugin/controllers/views/web/parentcontrollist.py:148:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/parentcontrollist.py:153:1: W391 blank line at end of file
plugin/controllers/views/web/about.py:6:1: E303 too many blank lines (4)
plugin/controllers/views/web/about.py:7:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/about.py:8:1: F401 'sys' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/about.py:10:1: F401 'os.path' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/about.py:14:5: F401 '__builtin__ as builtin' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/about.py:15:1: F401 'os.path.exists' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/about.py:15:1: F401 'os.path.getmtime' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/about.py:17:1: F401 'types' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/about.py:21:1: F403 'from Cheetah.DummyTransaction import *' used; unable to detect undefined names
plugin/controllers/views/web/about.py:22:1: F401 'Cheetah.NameMapper.NotFound' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/about.py:23:1: F401 'Cheetah.CacheRegion.CacheRegion' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/about.py:24:1: F401 'Cheetah.Filters' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/about.py:25:1: F401 'Cheetah.ErrorCatchers' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/about.py:28:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/about.py:29:6: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/about.py:30:5: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/about.py:31:4: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/about.py:32:12: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/about.py:43:7: E121 continuation line under-indented for hanging indent
plugin/controllers/views/web/about.py:44:70: E228 missing whitespace around modulo operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/about.py:45:10: E121 continuation line under-indented for hanging indent
plugin/controllers/views/web/about.py:48:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/about.py:53:5: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/about.py:56:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/web/about.py:62:18: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/about.py:63:35: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/about.py:65:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/about.py:67:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/web/about.py:71:9: E303 too many blank lines (3)
plugin/controllers/views/web/about.py:71:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/about.py:73:37: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/about.py:75:21: F405 'DummyTransaction' may be undefined, or defined from star imports: Cheetah.DummyTransaction
plugin/controllers/views/web/about.py:77:13: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/about.py:81:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/about.py:83:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/about.py:84:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/about.py:87:34: W601 .has_key() is deprecated, use 'in'
plugin/controllers/views/web/about.py:91:1: E101 indentation contains mixed spaces and tabs
plugin/controllers/views/web/about.py:91:4: E126 continuation line over-indented for hanging indent
plugin/controllers/views/web/about.py:96:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/about.py:96:35: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/about.py:96:41: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/about.py:97:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/about.py:97:70: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/about.py:100:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/about.py:100:39: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/about.py:100:45: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/about.py:101:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/about.py:101:74: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/about.py:104:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/about.py:104:41: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/about.py:104:47: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/about.py:105:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/about.py:105:76: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/about.py:108:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/about.py:108:38: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/about.py:108:44: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/about.py:109:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/about.py:109:73: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/about.py:112:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/about.py:112:40: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/about.py:112:46: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/about.py:113:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/about.py:113:75: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/about.py:116:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/about.py:116:38: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/about.py:116:44: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/about.py:117:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/about.py:117:73: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/about.py:120:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/about.py:120:28: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/about.py:120:44: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/about.py:120:62: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/about.py:120:69: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/about.py:121:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/about.py:121:81: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/about.py:124:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/about.py:124:35: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/about.py:124:41: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/about.py:125:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/about.py:125:70: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/about.py:128:20: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/about.py:128:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/about.py:128:42: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/about.py:128:56: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/about.py:128:68: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/about.py:130:34: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/about.py:130:41: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/about.py:130:47: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/about.py:130:56: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/about.py:130:65: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/about.py:130:71: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/about.py:130:77: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/about.py:131:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/about.py:131:82: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/about.py:134:34: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/about.py:134:41: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/about.py:134:47: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/about.py:134:56: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/about.py:134:65: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/about.py:134:72: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/about.py:134:78: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/about.py:135:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/about.py:135:83: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/about.py:138:34: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/about.py:138:41: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/about.py:138:47: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/about.py:138:56: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/about.py:138:65: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/about.py:138:70: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/about.py:138:76: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/about.py:139:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/about.py:139:81: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/about.py:142:34: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/about.py:142:41: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/about.py:142:47: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/about.py:142:56: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/about.py:142:65: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/about.py:142:72: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/about.py:142:78: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/about.py:143:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/about.py:143:83: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/about.py:146:34: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/about.py:146:41: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/about.py:146:47: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/about.py:146:56: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/about.py:146:65: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/about.py:146:70: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/about.py:146:76: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/about.py:147:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/about.py:147:81: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/about.py:150:20: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/about.py:150:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/about.py:150:42: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/about.py:150:53: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/about.py:150:65: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/about.py:153:34: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/about.py:153:41: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/about.py:153:47: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/about.py:153:53: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/about.py:153:62: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/about.py:153:70: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/about.py:153:76: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/about.py:154:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/about.py:154:81: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/about.py:157:34: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/about.py:157:41: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/about.py:157:47: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/about.py:157:53: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/about.py:157:62: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/about.py:157:73: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/about.py:157:79: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/about.py:158:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/about.py:158:84: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/about.py:161:34: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/about.py:161:41: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/about.py:161:47: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/about.py:161:53: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/about.py:161:62: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/about.py:161:69: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/about.py:161:75: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/about.py:162:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/about.py:162:80: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/about.py:165:34: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/about.py:165:41: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/about.py:165:47: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/about.py:165:53: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/about.py:165:62: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/about.py:165:70: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/about.py:165:76: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/about.py:166:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/about.py:166:81: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/about.py:170:20: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/about.py:170:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/about.py:170:42: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/about.py:170:56: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/about.py:170:68: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/about.py:173:34: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/about.py:173:48: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/about.py:173:55: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/about.py:176:30: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/about.py:176:43: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/about.py:176:49: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/about.py:177:34: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/about.py:177:78: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/about.py:180:30: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/about.py:180:43: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/about.py:180:49: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/about.py:181:34: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/about.py:181:78: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/about.py:184:30: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/about.py:184:43: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/about.py:184:49: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/about.py:185:34: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/about.py:185:78: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/about.py:188:30: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/about.py:188:42: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/about.py:188:48: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/about.py:189:34: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/about.py:189:77: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/about.py:196:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/about.py:196:37: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/about.py:196:43: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/about.py:197:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/about.py:197:72: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/about.py:200:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/about.py:200:42: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/about.py:200:48: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/about.py:201:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/about.py:201:77: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/about.py:204:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/about.py:204:39: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/about.py:204:45: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/about.py:205:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/about.py:205:74: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/about.py:208:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/about.py:208:41: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/about.py:208:47: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/about.py:209:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/about.py:209:76: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/about.py:212:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/about.py:212:38: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/about.py:212:44: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/about.py:213:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/about.py:213:73: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/about.py:216:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/about.py:216:39: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/about.py:216:45: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/about.py:217:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/about.py:217:74: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/about.py:220:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/about.py:220:38: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/about.py:220:44: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/about.py:221:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/about.py:221:75: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/about.py:223:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/about.py:223:39: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/about.py:223:45: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/about.py:224:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/about.py:224:76: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/about.py:227:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/about.py:227:37: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/about.py:227:43: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/about.py:228:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/about.py:228:72: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/about.py:231:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/about.py:231:37: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/about.py:231:43: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/about.py:232:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/about.py:232:72: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/about.py:235:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/about.py:235:39: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/about.py:235:45: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/about.py:236:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/about.py:236:74: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/about.py:239:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/about.py:239:39: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/about.py:239:45: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/about.py:240:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/about.py:240:74: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/about.py:243:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/about.py:243:39: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/about.py:243:45: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/about.py:244:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/about.py:244:74: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/about.py:247:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/about.py:247:37: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/about.py:247:43: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/about.py:248:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/about.py:248:72: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/about.py:251:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/about.py:251:37: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/about.py:251:43: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/about.py:252:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/about.py:252:72: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/about.py:255:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/about.py:255:36: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/about.py:255:42: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/about.py:256:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/about.py:256:71: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/about.py:262:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/about.py:264:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/about.py:265:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/about.py:267:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/about.py:269:5: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/about.py:272:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/web/about.py:286:33: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/about.py:288:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/about.py:290:1: E305 expected 2 blank lines after class or function definition, found 1
plugin/controllers/views/web/about.py:300:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/about.py:305:1: W391 blank line at end of file
plugin/controllers/views/web/currenttime.py:6:1: E303 too many blank lines (4)
plugin/controllers/views/web/currenttime.py:7:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/currenttime.py:8:1: F401 'sys' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/currenttime.py:10:1: F401 'os.path' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/currenttime.py:14:5: F401 '__builtin__ as builtin' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/currenttime.py:15:1: F401 'os.path.exists' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/currenttime.py:15:1: F401 'os.path.getmtime' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/currenttime.py:17:1: F401 'types' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/currenttime.py:21:1: F403 'from Cheetah.DummyTransaction import *' used; unable to detect undefined names
plugin/controllers/views/web/currenttime.py:22:1: F401 'Cheetah.NameMapper.NotFound' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/currenttime.py:23:1: F401 'Cheetah.CacheRegion.CacheRegion' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/currenttime.py:24:1: F401 'Cheetah.Filters' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/currenttime.py:25:1: F401 'Cheetah.ErrorCatchers' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/currenttime.py:28:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/currenttime.py:29:6: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/currenttime.py:30:5: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/currenttime.py:31:4: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/currenttime.py:32:12: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/currenttime.py:43:7: E121 continuation line under-indented for hanging indent
plugin/controllers/views/web/currenttime.py:44:70: E228 missing whitespace around modulo operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/currenttime.py:45:10: E121 continuation line under-indented for hanging indent
plugin/controllers/views/web/currenttime.py:48:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/currenttime.py:53:5: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/currenttime.py:56:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/web/currenttime.py:62:18: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/currenttime.py:63:35: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/currenttime.py:65:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/currenttime.py:67:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/web/currenttime.py:71:9: E303 too many blank lines (3)
plugin/controllers/views/web/currenttime.py:71:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/currenttime.py:73:37: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/currenttime.py:75:21: F405 'DummyTransaction' may be undefined, or defined from star imports: Cheetah.DummyTransaction
plugin/controllers/views/web/currenttime.py:77:13: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/currenttime.py:81:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/currenttime.py:83:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/currenttime.py:84:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/currenttime.py:87:34: W601 .has_key() is deprecated, use 'in'
plugin/controllers/views/web/currenttime.py:91:1: E101 indentation contains mixed spaces and tabs
plugin/controllers/views/web/currenttime.py:91:4: E126 continuation line over-indented for hanging indent
plugin/controllers/views/web/currenttime.py:95:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/currenttime.py:95:29: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/currenttime.py:95:35: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/currenttime.py:96:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/currenttime.py:96:64: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/currenttime.py:101:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/currenttime.py:103:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/currenttime.py:104:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/currenttime.py:106:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/currenttime.py:108:5: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/currenttime.py:111:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/web/currenttime.py:125:39: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/currenttime.py:127:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/currenttime.py:129:1: E305 expected 2 blank lines after class or function definition, found 1
plugin/controllers/views/web/currenttime.py:139:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/currenttime.py:144:1: W391 blank line at end of file
plugin/controllers/views/web/removelocation.py:6:1: E303 too many blank lines (4)
plugin/controllers/views/web/removelocation.py:7:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/removelocation.py:8:1: F401 'sys' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/removelocation.py:10:1: F401 'os.path' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/removelocation.py:14:5: F401 '__builtin__ as builtin' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/removelocation.py:15:1: F401 'os.path.exists' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/removelocation.py:15:1: F401 'os.path.getmtime' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/removelocation.py:17:1: F401 'types' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/removelocation.py:21:1: F403 'from Cheetah.DummyTransaction import *' used; unable to detect undefined names
plugin/controllers/views/web/removelocation.py:22:1: F401 'Cheetah.NameMapper.NotFound' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/removelocation.py:23:1: F401 'Cheetah.CacheRegion.CacheRegion' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/removelocation.py:24:1: F401 'Cheetah.Filters' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/removelocation.py:25:1: F401 'Cheetah.ErrorCatchers' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/removelocation.py:28:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/removelocation.py:29:6: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/removelocation.py:30:5: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/removelocation.py:31:4: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/removelocation.py:32:12: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/removelocation.py:43:7: E121 continuation line under-indented for hanging indent
plugin/controllers/views/web/removelocation.py:44:70: E228 missing whitespace around modulo operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/removelocation.py:45:10: E121 continuation line under-indented for hanging indent
plugin/controllers/views/web/removelocation.py:48:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/removelocation.py:53:5: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/removelocation.py:56:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/web/removelocation.py:62:18: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/removelocation.py:63:35: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/removelocation.py:65:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/removelocation.py:67:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/web/removelocation.py:71:9: E303 too many blank lines (3)
plugin/controllers/views/web/removelocation.py:71:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/removelocation.py:73:37: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/removelocation.py:75:21: F405 'DummyTransaction' may be undefined, or defined from star imports: Cheetah.DummyTransaction
plugin/controllers/views/web/removelocation.py:77:13: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/removelocation.py:81:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/removelocation.py:83:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/removelocation.py:84:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/removelocation.py:87:34: W601 .has_key() is deprecated, use 'in'
plugin/controllers/views/web/removelocation.py:91:1: E101 indentation contains mixed spaces and tabs
plugin/controllers/views/web/removelocation.py:91:4: E126 continuation line over-indented for hanging indent
plugin/controllers/views/web/removelocation.py:95:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/removelocation.py:95:31: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/removelocation.py:95:37: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/removelocation.py:96:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/removelocation.py:96:66: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/removelocation.py:99:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/removelocation.py:99:32: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/removelocation.py:99:38: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/removelocation.py:100:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/removelocation.py:100:67: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/removelocation.py:105:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/removelocation.py:107:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/removelocation.py:108:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/removelocation.py:110:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/removelocation.py:112:5: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/removelocation.py:115:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/web/removelocation.py:129:42: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/removelocation.py:131:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/removelocation.py:133:1: E305 expected 2 blank lines after class or function definition, found 1
plugin/controllers/views/web/removelocation.py:143:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/removelocation.py:148:1: W391 blank line at end of file
plugin/controllers/views/web/timerlist.py:6:1: E303 too many blank lines (4)
plugin/controllers/views/web/timerlist.py:7:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/timerlist.py:8:1: F401 'sys' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/timerlist.py:10:1: F401 'os.path' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/timerlist.py:14:5: F401 '__builtin__ as builtin' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/timerlist.py:15:1: F401 'os.path.exists' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/timerlist.py:15:1: F401 'os.path.getmtime' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/timerlist.py:17:1: F401 'types' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/timerlist.py:21:1: F403 'from Cheetah.DummyTransaction import *' used; unable to detect undefined names
plugin/controllers/views/web/timerlist.py:22:1: F401 'Cheetah.NameMapper.NotFound' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/timerlist.py:23:1: F401 'Cheetah.CacheRegion.CacheRegion' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/timerlist.py:24:1: F401 'Cheetah.Filters' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/timerlist.py:25:1: F401 'Cheetah.ErrorCatchers' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/timerlist.py:28:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/timerlist.py:29:6: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/timerlist.py:30:5: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/timerlist.py:31:4: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/timerlist.py:32:12: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/timerlist.py:43:7: E121 continuation line under-indented for hanging indent
plugin/controllers/views/web/timerlist.py:44:70: E228 missing whitespace around modulo operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/timerlist.py:45:10: E121 continuation line under-indented for hanging indent
plugin/controllers/views/web/timerlist.py:48:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/timerlist.py:53:5: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/timerlist.py:56:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/web/timerlist.py:62:18: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/timerlist.py:63:35: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/timerlist.py:65:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/timerlist.py:67:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/web/timerlist.py:71:9: E303 too many blank lines (3)
plugin/controllers/views/web/timerlist.py:71:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/timerlist.py:73:37: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/timerlist.py:75:21: F405 'DummyTransaction' may be undefined, or defined from star imports: Cheetah.DummyTransaction
plugin/controllers/views/web/timerlist.py:77:13: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/timerlist.py:81:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/timerlist.py:83:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/timerlist.py:84:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/timerlist.py:87:34: W601 .has_key() is deprecated, use 'in'
plugin/controllers/views/web/timerlist.py:91:1: E101 indentation contains mixed spaces and tabs
plugin/controllers/views/web/timerlist.py:91:4: E126 continuation line over-indented for hanging indent
plugin/controllers/views/web/timerlist.py:95:30: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/timerlist.py:95:39: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/timerlist.py:95:46: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/timerlist.py:98:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/timerlist.py:98:45: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/timerlist.py:98:51: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/timerlist.py:99:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/timerlist.py:99:80: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/timerlist.py:102:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/timerlist.py:102:46: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/timerlist.py:102:52: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/timerlist.py:103:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/timerlist.py:103:81: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/timerlist.py:106:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/timerlist.py:106:38: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/timerlist.py:106:44: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/timerlist.py:107:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/timerlist.py:107:73: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/timerlist.py:110:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/timerlist.py:110:39: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/timerlist.py:110:45: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/timerlist.py:111:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/timerlist.py:111:74: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/timerlist.py:114:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/timerlist.py:114:46: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/timerlist.py:114:52: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/timerlist.py:115:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/timerlist.py:115:81: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/timerlist.py:118:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/timerlist.py:118:54: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/timerlist.py:118:60: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/timerlist.py:119:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/timerlist.py:119:89: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/timerlist.py:122:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/timerlist.py:122:43: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/timerlist.py:122:49: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/timerlist.py:123:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/timerlist.py:123:78: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/timerlist.py:126:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/timerlist.py:126:40: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/timerlist.py:126:46: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/timerlist.py:127:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/timerlist.py:127:75: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/timerlist.py:130:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/timerlist.py:130:38: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/timerlist.py:130:44: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/timerlist.py:131:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/timerlist.py:131:73: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/timerlist.py:134:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/timerlist.py:134:43: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/timerlist.py:134:49: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/timerlist.py:135:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/timerlist.py:135:78: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/timerlist.py:138:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/timerlist.py:138:47: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/timerlist.py:138:53: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/timerlist.py:139:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/timerlist.py:139:82: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/timerlist.py:142:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/timerlist.py:142:43: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/timerlist.py:142:49: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/timerlist.py:143:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/timerlist.py:143:78: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/timerlist.py:146:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/timerlist.py:146:45: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/timerlist.py:146:51: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/timerlist.py:147:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/timerlist.py:147:80: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/timerlist.py:150:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/timerlist.py:150:42: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/timerlist.py:150:48: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/timerlist.py:151:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/timerlist.py:151:77: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/timerlist.py:154:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/timerlist.py:154:39: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/timerlist.py:154:45: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/timerlist.py:155:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/timerlist.py:155:74: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/timerlist.py:158:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/timerlist.py:158:45: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/timerlist.py:158:51: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/timerlist.py:159:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/timerlist.py:159:80: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/timerlist.py:162:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/timerlist.py:162:43: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/timerlist.py:162:49: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/timerlist.py:163:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/timerlist.py:163:78: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/timerlist.py:166:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/timerlist.py:166:42: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/timerlist.py:166:48: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/timerlist.py:167:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/timerlist.py:167:77: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/timerlist.py:170:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/timerlist.py:170:49: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/timerlist.py:170:55: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/timerlist.py:171:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/timerlist.py:171:84: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/timerlist.py:174:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/timerlist.py:174:50: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/timerlist.py:174:56: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/timerlist.py:175:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/timerlist.py:175:85: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/timerlist.py:178:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/timerlist.py:178:40: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/timerlist.py:178:46: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/timerlist.py:179:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/timerlist.py:179:75: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/timerlist.py:182:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/timerlist.py:182:43: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/timerlist.py:182:49: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/timerlist.py:183:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/timerlist.py:183:78: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/timerlist.py:186:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/timerlist.py:186:43: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/timerlist.py:186:49: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/timerlist.py:187:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/timerlist.py:187:78: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/timerlist.py:190:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/timerlist.py:190:44: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/timerlist.py:190:50: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/timerlist.py:191:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/timerlist.py:191:79: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/timerlist.py:194:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/timerlist.py:194:49: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/timerlist.py:194:55: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/timerlist.py:195:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/timerlist.py:195:84: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/timerlist.py:198:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/timerlist.py:198:52: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/timerlist.py:198:58: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/timerlist.py:199:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/timerlist.py:199:87: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/timerlist.py:202:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/timerlist.py:202:45: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/timerlist.py:202:51: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/timerlist.py:203:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/timerlist.py:203:80: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/timerlist.py:206:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/timerlist.py:206:41: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/timerlist.py:206:47: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/timerlist.py:207:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/timerlist.py:207:76: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/timerlist.py:214:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/timerlist.py:216:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/timerlist.py:217:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/timerlist.py:219:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/timerlist.py:221:5: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/timerlist.py:224:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/web/timerlist.py:238:37: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/timerlist.py:240:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/timerlist.py:242:1: E305 expected 2 blank lines after class or function definition, found 1
plugin/controllers/views/web/timerlist.py:252:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/timerlist.py:257:1: W391 blank line at end of file
plugin/controllers/views/web/moviemove.py:6:1: E303 too many blank lines (4)
plugin/controllers/views/web/moviemove.py:7:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/moviemove.py:8:1: F401 'sys' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/moviemove.py:10:1: F401 'os.path' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/moviemove.py:14:5: F401 '__builtin__ as builtin' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/moviemove.py:15:1: F401 'os.path.exists' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/moviemove.py:15:1: F401 'os.path.getmtime' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/moviemove.py:17:1: F401 'types' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/moviemove.py:21:1: F403 'from Cheetah.DummyTransaction import *' used; unable to detect undefined names
plugin/controllers/views/web/moviemove.py:22:1: F401 'Cheetah.NameMapper.NotFound' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/moviemove.py:23:1: F401 'Cheetah.CacheRegion.CacheRegion' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/moviemove.py:24:1: F401 'Cheetah.Filters' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/moviemove.py:25:1: F401 'Cheetah.ErrorCatchers' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/moviemove.py:28:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/moviemove.py:29:6: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/moviemove.py:30:5: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/moviemove.py:31:4: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/moviemove.py:32:12: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/moviemove.py:43:7: E121 continuation line under-indented for hanging indent
plugin/controllers/views/web/moviemove.py:44:70: E228 missing whitespace around modulo operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/moviemove.py:45:10: E121 continuation line under-indented for hanging indent
plugin/controllers/views/web/moviemove.py:48:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/moviemove.py:53:5: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/moviemove.py:56:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/web/moviemove.py:62:18: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/moviemove.py:63:35: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/moviemove.py:65:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/moviemove.py:67:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/web/moviemove.py:71:9: E303 too many blank lines (3)
plugin/controllers/views/web/moviemove.py:71:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/moviemove.py:73:37: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/moviemove.py:75:21: F405 'DummyTransaction' may be undefined, or defined from star imports: Cheetah.DummyTransaction
plugin/controllers/views/web/moviemove.py:77:13: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/moviemove.py:81:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/moviemove.py:83:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/moviemove.py:84:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/moviemove.py:87:34: W601 .has_key() is deprecated, use 'in'
plugin/controllers/views/web/moviemove.py:91:1: E101 indentation contains mixed spaces and tabs
plugin/controllers/views/web/moviemove.py:91:4: E126 continuation line over-indented for hanging indent
plugin/controllers/views/web/moviemove.py:95:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/moviemove.py:95:31: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/moviemove.py:95:37: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/moviemove.py:96:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/moviemove.py:96:66: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/moviemove.py:99:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/moviemove.py:99:32: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/moviemove.py:99:38: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/moviemove.py:100:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/moviemove.py:100:67: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/moviemove.py:105:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/moviemove.py:107:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/moviemove.py:108:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/moviemove.py:110:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/moviemove.py:112:5: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/moviemove.py:115:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/web/moviemove.py:129:37: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/moviemove.py:131:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/moviemove.py:133:1: E305 expected 2 blank lines after class or function definition, found 1
plugin/controllers/views/web/moviemove.py:143:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/moviemove.py:148:1: W391 blank line at end of file
plugin/controllers/views/web/getcurrent.py:6:1: E303 too many blank lines (4)
plugin/controllers/views/web/getcurrent.py:7:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/getcurrent.py:8:1: F401 'sys' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/getcurrent.py:10:1: F401 'os.path' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/getcurrent.py:14:5: F401 '__builtin__ as builtin' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/getcurrent.py:15:1: F401 'os.path.exists' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/getcurrent.py:15:1: F401 'os.path.getmtime' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/getcurrent.py:17:1: F401 'types' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/getcurrent.py:21:1: F403 'from Cheetah.DummyTransaction import *' used; unable to detect undefined names
plugin/controllers/views/web/getcurrent.py:22:1: F401 'Cheetah.NameMapper.NotFound' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/getcurrent.py:23:1: F401 'Cheetah.CacheRegion.CacheRegion' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/getcurrent.py:24:1: F401 'Cheetah.Filters' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/getcurrent.py:25:1: F401 'Cheetah.ErrorCatchers' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/getcurrent.py:28:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/getcurrent.py:29:6: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/getcurrent.py:30:5: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/getcurrent.py:31:4: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/getcurrent.py:32:12: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/getcurrent.py:43:7: E121 continuation line under-indented for hanging indent
plugin/controllers/views/web/getcurrent.py:44:70: E228 missing whitespace around modulo operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/getcurrent.py:45:10: E121 continuation line under-indented for hanging indent
plugin/controllers/views/web/getcurrent.py:48:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/getcurrent.py:53:5: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/getcurrent.py:56:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/web/getcurrent.py:62:18: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/getcurrent.py:63:35: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/getcurrent.py:65:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/getcurrent.py:67:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/web/getcurrent.py:71:9: E303 too many blank lines (3)
plugin/controllers/views/web/getcurrent.py:71:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/getcurrent.py:73:37: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/getcurrent.py:75:21: F405 'DummyTransaction' may be undefined, or defined from star imports: Cheetah.DummyTransaction
plugin/controllers/views/web/getcurrent.py:77:13: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/getcurrent.py:81:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/getcurrent.py:83:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/getcurrent.py:84:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/getcurrent.py:87:34: W601 .has_key() is deprecated, use 'in'
plugin/controllers/views/web/getcurrent.py:91:1: E101 indentation contains mixed spaces and tabs
plugin/controllers/views/web/getcurrent.py:91:4: E126 continuation line over-indented for hanging indent
plugin/controllers/views/web/getcurrent.py:96:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/getcurrent.py:96:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/getcurrent.py:96:39: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/getcurrent.py:97:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/getcurrent.py:97:68: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/getcurrent.py:100:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/getcurrent.py:100:34: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/getcurrent.py:100:40: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/getcurrent.py:101:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/getcurrent.py:101:69: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/getcurrent.py:104:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/getcurrent.py:104:38: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/getcurrent.py:104:44: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/getcurrent.py:105:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/getcurrent.py:105:73: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/getcurrent.py:108:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/getcurrent.py:108:35: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/getcurrent.py:108:41: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/getcurrent.py:109:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/getcurrent.py:109:70: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/getcurrent.py:112:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/getcurrent.py:112:36: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/getcurrent.py:112:42: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/getcurrent.py:113:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/getcurrent.py:113:71: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/getcurrent.py:116:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/getcurrent.py:116:35: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/getcurrent.py:116:41: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/getcurrent.py:117:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/getcurrent.py:117:72: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/getcurrent.py:119:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/getcurrent.py:119:36: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/getcurrent.py:119:42: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/getcurrent.py:120:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/getcurrent.py:120:73: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/getcurrent.py:124:20: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/getcurrent.py:124:40: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/getcurrent.py:124:46: E203 whitespace before ':'
plugin/controllers/views/web/getcurrent.py:124:48: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/getcurrent.py:125:17: E222 multiple spaces after operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/getcurrent.py:125:22: W291 trailing whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/getcurrent.py:126:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/getcurrent.py:128:17: E222 multiple spaces after operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/getcurrent.py:129:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/getcurrent.py:132:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/getcurrent.py:132:34: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/getcurrent.py:132:40: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/getcurrent.py:133:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/getcurrent.py:133:69: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/getcurrent.py:136:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/getcurrent.py:136:34: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/getcurrent.py:136:40: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/getcurrent.py:137:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/getcurrent.py:137:69: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/getcurrent.py:140:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/getcurrent.py:140:36: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/getcurrent.py:140:42: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/getcurrent.py:141:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/getcurrent.py:141:71: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/getcurrent.py:144:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/getcurrent.py:144:36: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/getcurrent.py:144:42: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/getcurrent.py:145:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/getcurrent.py:145:71: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/getcurrent.py:148:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/getcurrent.py:148:36: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/getcurrent.py:148:42: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/getcurrent.py:149:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/getcurrent.py:149:71: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/getcurrent.py:152:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/getcurrent.py:152:34: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/getcurrent.py:152:40: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/getcurrent.py:153:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/getcurrent.py:153:69: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/getcurrent.py:156:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/getcurrent.py:156:34: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/getcurrent.py:156:40: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/getcurrent.py:157:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/getcurrent.py:157:69: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/getcurrent.py:160:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/getcurrent.py:160:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/getcurrent.py:160:39: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/getcurrent.py:161:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/getcurrent.py:161:68: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/getcurrent.py:167:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/getcurrent.py:167:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/getcurrent.py:167:39: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/getcurrent.py:168:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/getcurrent.py:168:68: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/getcurrent.py:171:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/getcurrent.py:171:34: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/getcurrent.py:171:40: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/getcurrent.py:172:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/getcurrent.py:172:69: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/getcurrent.py:175:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/getcurrent.py:175:37: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/getcurrent.py:175:43: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/getcurrent.py:176:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/getcurrent.py:176:72: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/getcurrent.py:179:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/getcurrent.py:179:31: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/getcurrent.py:179:37: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/getcurrent.py:180:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/getcurrent.py:180:66: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/getcurrent.py:183:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/getcurrent.py:183:34: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/getcurrent.py:183:40: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/getcurrent.py:184:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/getcurrent.py:184:69: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/getcurrent.py:187:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/getcurrent.py:187:34: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/getcurrent.py:187:40: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/getcurrent.py:188:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/getcurrent.py:188:69: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/getcurrent.py:191:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/getcurrent.py:191:38: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/getcurrent.py:191:44: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/getcurrent.py:192:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/getcurrent.py:192:73: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/getcurrent.py:195:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/getcurrent.py:195:44: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/getcurrent.py:195:50: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/getcurrent.py:196:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/getcurrent.py:196:79: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/getcurrent.py:199:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/getcurrent.py:199:41: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/getcurrent.py:199:47: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/getcurrent.py:200:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/getcurrent.py:200:76: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/getcurrent.py:203:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/getcurrent.py:203:38: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/getcurrent.py:203:44: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/getcurrent.py:204:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/getcurrent.py:204:73: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/getcurrent.py:207:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/getcurrent.py:207:42: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/getcurrent.py:207:48: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/getcurrent.py:208:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/getcurrent.py:208:77: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/getcurrent.py:211:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/getcurrent.py:211:37: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/getcurrent.py:211:43: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/getcurrent.py:212:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/getcurrent.py:212:72: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/getcurrent.py:215:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/getcurrent.py:215:36: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/getcurrent.py:215:42: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/getcurrent.py:216:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/getcurrent.py:216:71: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/getcurrent.py:218:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/getcurrent.py:218:34: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/getcurrent.py:218:40: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/getcurrent.py:219:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/getcurrent.py:219:69: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/getcurrent.py:224:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/getcurrent.py:224:34: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/getcurrent.py:224:40: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/getcurrent.py:225:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/getcurrent.py:225:69: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/getcurrent.py:228:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/getcurrent.py:228:35: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/getcurrent.py:228:41: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/getcurrent.py:229:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/getcurrent.py:229:70: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/getcurrent.py:232:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/getcurrent.py:232:38: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/getcurrent.py:232:44: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/getcurrent.py:233:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/getcurrent.py:233:73: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/getcurrent.py:236:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/getcurrent.py:236:32: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/getcurrent.py:236:38: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/getcurrent.py:237:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/getcurrent.py:237:67: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/getcurrent.py:240:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/getcurrent.py:240:35: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/getcurrent.py:240:41: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/getcurrent.py:241:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/getcurrent.py:241:70: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/getcurrent.py:244:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/getcurrent.py:244:35: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/getcurrent.py:244:41: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/getcurrent.py:245:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/getcurrent.py:245:70: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/getcurrent.py:248:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/getcurrent.py:248:39: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/getcurrent.py:248:45: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/getcurrent.py:249:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/getcurrent.py:249:74: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/getcurrent.py:252:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/getcurrent.py:252:45: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/getcurrent.py:252:51: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/getcurrent.py:253:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/getcurrent.py:253:80: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/getcurrent.py:256:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/getcurrent.py:256:42: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/getcurrent.py:256:48: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/getcurrent.py:257:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/getcurrent.py:257:77: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/getcurrent.py:260:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/getcurrent.py:260:39: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/getcurrent.py:260:45: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/getcurrent.py:261:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/getcurrent.py:261:74: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/getcurrent.py:264:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/getcurrent.py:264:43: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/getcurrent.py:264:49: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/getcurrent.py:265:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/getcurrent.py:265:78: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/getcurrent.py:268:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/getcurrent.py:268:38: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/getcurrent.py:268:44: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/getcurrent.py:269:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/getcurrent.py:269:73: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/getcurrent.py:272:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/getcurrent.py:272:37: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/getcurrent.py:272:43: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/getcurrent.py:273:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/getcurrent.py:273:72: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/getcurrent.py:275:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/getcurrent.py:275:35: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/getcurrent.py:275:41: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/getcurrent.py:276:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/getcurrent.py:276:70: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/getcurrent.py:283:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/getcurrent.py:285:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/getcurrent.py:286:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/getcurrent.py:288:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/getcurrent.py:290:5: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/getcurrent.py:293:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/web/getcurrent.py:307:38: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/getcurrent.py:309:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/getcurrent.py:311:1: E305 expected 2 blank lines after class or function definition, found 1
plugin/controllers/views/web/getcurrent.py:321:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/getcurrent.py:326:1: W391 blank line at end of file
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgnownext.py:6:1: E303 too many blank lines (4)
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgnownext.py:7:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgnownext.py:8:1: F401 'sys' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgnownext.py:10:1: F401 'os.path' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgnownext.py:14:5: F401 '__builtin__ as builtin' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgnownext.py:15:1: F401 'os.path.exists' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgnownext.py:15:1: F401 'os.path.getmtime' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgnownext.py:17:1: F401 'types' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgnownext.py:21:1: F403 'from Cheetah.DummyTransaction import *' used; unable to detect undefined names
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgnownext.py:22:1: F401 'Cheetah.NameMapper.NotFound' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgnownext.py:23:1: F401 'Cheetah.CacheRegion.CacheRegion' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgnownext.py:24:1: F401 'Cheetah.Filters' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgnownext.py:25:1: F401 'Cheetah.ErrorCatchers' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgnownext.py:28:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgnownext.py:29:6: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgnownext.py:30:5: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgnownext.py:31:4: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgnownext.py:32:12: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgnownext.py:43:7: E121 continuation line under-indented for hanging indent
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgnownext.py:44:70: E228 missing whitespace around modulo operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgnownext.py:45:10: E121 continuation line under-indented for hanging indent
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgnownext.py:48:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgnownext.py:53:5: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgnownext.py:56:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgnownext.py:62:18: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgnownext.py:63:35: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgnownext.py:65:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgnownext.py:67:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgnownext.py:71:9: E303 too many blank lines (3)
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgnownext.py:71:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgnownext.py:73:37: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgnownext.py:75:21: F405 'DummyTransaction' may be undefined, or defined from star imports: Cheetah.DummyTransaction
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgnownext.py:77:13: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgnownext.py:81:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgnownext.py:83:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgnownext.py:84:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgnownext.py:87:34: W601 .has_key() is deprecated, use 'in'
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgnownext.py:91:1: E101 indentation contains mixed spaces and tabs
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgnownext.py:91:4: E126 continuation line over-indented for hanging indent
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgnownext.py:95:30: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgnownext.py:95:39: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgnownext.py:95:46: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgnownext.py:98:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgnownext.py:98:32: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgnownext.py:98:48: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgnownext.py:98:59: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgnownext.py:98:66: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgnownext.py:99:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgnownext.py:99:78: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgnownext.py:102:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgnownext.py:102:32: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgnownext.py:102:48: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgnownext.py:102:72: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgnownext.py:102:79: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgnownext.py:103:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgnownext.py:103:91: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgnownext.py:106:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgnownext.py:106:32: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgnownext.py:106:48: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgnownext.py:106:69: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgnownext.py:106:76: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgnownext.py:107:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgnownext.py:107:88: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgnownext.py:110:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgnownext.py:110:32: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgnownext.py:110:48: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgnownext.py:110:70: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgnownext.py:110:77: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgnownext.py:111:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgnownext.py:111:89: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgnownext.py:114:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgnownext.py:114:32: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgnownext.py:114:48: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgnownext.py:114:62: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgnownext.py:114:69: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgnownext.py:115:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgnownext.py:115:81: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgnownext.py:118:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgnownext.py:118:32: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgnownext.py:118:48: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgnownext.py:118:66: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgnownext.py:118:73: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgnownext.py:119:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgnownext.py:119:85: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgnownext.py:122:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgnownext.py:122:32: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgnownext.py:122:48: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgnownext.py:122:65: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgnownext.py:122:72: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgnownext.py:123:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgnownext.py:123:84: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgnownext.py:126:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgnownext.py:126:39: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgnownext.py:126:45: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgnownext.py:127:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgnownext.py:127:74: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgnownext.py:130:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgnownext.py:130:40: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgnownext.py:130:46: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgnownext.py:131:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgnownext.py:131:75: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgnownext.py:134:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgnownext.py:134:42: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgnownext.py:134:48: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgnownext.py:135:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgnownext.py:135:77: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgnownext.py:137:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgnownext.py:137:40: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgnownext.py:137:46: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgnownext.py:138:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgnownext.py:138:75: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgnownext.py:145:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgnownext.py:147:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgnownext.py:148:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgnownext.py:150:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgnownext.py:152:5: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgnownext.py:155:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgnownext.py:169:38: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgnownext.py:171:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgnownext.py:173:1: E305 expected 2 blank lines after class or function definition, found 1
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgnownext.py:183:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgnownext.py:188:1: W391 blank line at end of file
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayeradd.py:6:1: E303 too many blank lines (4)
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayeradd.py:7:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayeradd.py:8:1: F401 'sys' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayeradd.py:10:1: F401 'os.path' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayeradd.py:14:5: F401 '__builtin__ as builtin' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayeradd.py:15:1: F401 'os.path.exists' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayeradd.py:15:1: F401 'os.path.getmtime' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayeradd.py:17:1: F401 'types' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayeradd.py:21:1: F403 'from Cheetah.DummyTransaction import *' used; unable to detect undefined names
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayeradd.py:22:1: F401 'Cheetah.NameMapper.NotFound' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayeradd.py:23:1: F401 'Cheetah.CacheRegion.CacheRegion' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayeradd.py:24:1: F401 'Cheetah.Filters' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayeradd.py:25:1: F401 'Cheetah.ErrorCatchers' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayeradd.py:28:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayeradd.py:29:6: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayeradd.py:30:5: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayeradd.py:31:4: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayeradd.py:32:12: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayeradd.py:43:7: E121 continuation line under-indented for hanging indent
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayeradd.py:44:70: E228 missing whitespace around modulo operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayeradd.py:45:10: E121 continuation line under-indented for hanging indent
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayeradd.py:48:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayeradd.py:53:5: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayeradd.py:56:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayeradd.py:62:18: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayeradd.py:63:35: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayeradd.py:65:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayeradd.py:67:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayeradd.py:71:9: E303 too many blank lines (3)
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayeradd.py:71:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayeradd.py:73:37: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayeradd.py:75:21: F405 'DummyTransaction' may be undefined, or defined from star imports: Cheetah.DummyTransaction
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayeradd.py:77:13: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayeradd.py:81:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayeradd.py:83:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayeradd.py:84:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayeradd.py:87:34: W601 .has_key() is deprecated, use 'in'
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayeradd.py:91:1: E101 indentation contains mixed spaces and tabs
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayeradd.py:91:4: E126 continuation line over-indented for hanging indent
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayeradd.py:95:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayeradd.py:95:31: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayeradd.py:95:37: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayeradd.py:96:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayeradd.py:96:66: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayeradd.py:99:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayeradd.py:99:32: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayeradd.py:99:38: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayeradd.py:100:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayeradd.py:100:67: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayeradd.py:105:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayeradd.py:107:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayeradd.py:108:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayeradd.py:110:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayeradd.py:112:5: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayeradd.py:115:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayeradd.py:129:42: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayeradd.py:131:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayeradd.py:133:1: E305 expected 2 blank lines after class or function definition, found 1
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayeradd.py:143:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayeradd.py:148:1: W391 blank line at end of file
plugin/controllers/views/web/servicesxspf.py:6:1: E303 too many blank lines (4)
plugin/controllers/views/web/servicesxspf.py:7:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/servicesxspf.py:8:1: F401 'sys' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/servicesxspf.py:10:1: F401 'os.path' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/servicesxspf.py:14:5: F401 '__builtin__ as builtin' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/servicesxspf.py:15:1: F401 'os.path.exists' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/servicesxspf.py:15:1: F401 'os.path.getmtime' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/servicesxspf.py:17:1: F401 'types' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/servicesxspf.py:21:1: F403 'from Cheetah.DummyTransaction import *' used; unable to detect undefined names
plugin/controllers/views/web/servicesxspf.py:22:1: F401 'Cheetah.NameMapper.NotFound' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/servicesxspf.py:23:1: F401 'Cheetah.CacheRegion.CacheRegion' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/servicesxspf.py:24:1: F401 'Cheetah.Filters' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/servicesxspf.py:25:1: F401 'Cheetah.ErrorCatchers' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/servicesxspf.py:29:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/servicesxspf.py:30:6: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/servicesxspf.py:31:5: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/servicesxspf.py:32:4: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/servicesxspf.py:33:12: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/servicesxspf.py:44:7: E121 continuation line under-indented for hanging indent
plugin/controllers/views/web/servicesxspf.py:45:70: E228 missing whitespace around modulo operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/servicesxspf.py:46:10: E121 continuation line under-indented for hanging indent
plugin/controllers/views/web/servicesxspf.py:49:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/servicesxspf.py:54:5: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/servicesxspf.py:57:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/web/servicesxspf.py:63:18: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/servicesxspf.py:64:35: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/servicesxspf.py:66:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/servicesxspf.py:68:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/web/servicesxspf.py:72:9: E303 too many blank lines (3)
plugin/controllers/views/web/servicesxspf.py:72:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/servicesxspf.py:74:37: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/servicesxspf.py:76:21: F405 'DummyTransaction' may be undefined, or defined from star imports: Cheetah.DummyTransaction
plugin/controllers/views/web/servicesxspf.py:78:13: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/servicesxspf.py:82:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/servicesxspf.py:84:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/servicesxspf.py:85:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/servicesxspf.py:86:9: F841 local variable '_url' is assigned to but never used
plugin/controllers/views/web/servicesxspf.py:86:25: E226 missing whitespace around arithmetic operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/servicesxspf.py:86:34: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/servicesxspf.py:86:41: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/servicesxspf.py:86:47: E226 missing whitespace around arithmetic operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/servicesxspf.py:86:60: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/servicesxspf.py:86:67: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/servicesxspf.py:86:73: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/servicesxspf.py:86:81: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/servicesxspf.py:89:34: W601 .has_key() is deprecated, use 'in'
plugin/controllers/views/web/servicesxspf.py:93:1: E101 indentation contains mixed spaces and tabs
plugin/controllers/views/web/servicesxspf.py:93:4: E126 continuation line over-indented for hanging indent
plugin/controllers/views/web/servicesxspf.py:98:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/servicesxspf.py:98:30: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/servicesxspf.py:98:36: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/servicesxspf.py:99:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/servicesxspf.py:99:65: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/servicesxspf.py:102:32: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/servicesxspf.py:102:43: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/servicesxspf.py:102:50: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/servicesxspf.py:105:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/servicesxspf.py:105:48: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/servicesxspf.py:105:54: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/servicesxspf.py:106:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/servicesxspf.py:106:83: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/servicesxspf.py:109:42: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/servicesxspf.py:109:69: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/servicesxspf.py:109:75: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/servicesxspf.py:109:83: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/servicesxspf.py:109:105: E226 missing whitespace around arithmetic operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/servicesxspf.py:110:17: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/servicesxspf.py:111:37: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/servicesxspf.py:111:44: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/servicesxspf.py:111:50: E226 missing whitespace around arithmetic operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/servicesxspf.py:111:68: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/servicesxspf.py:111:76: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/servicesxspf.py:112:13: E722 do not use bare 'except'
plugin/controllers/views/web/servicesxspf.py:112:20: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/servicesxspf.py:113:17: F841 local variable '_piconurl' is assigned to but never used
plugin/controllers/views/web/servicesxspf.py:115:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/servicesxspf.py:115:38: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/servicesxspf.py:115:44: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/servicesxspf.py:116:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/servicesxspf.py:116:73: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/servicesxspf.py:119:52: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/servicesxspf.py:121:35: E226 missing whitespace around arithmetic operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/servicesxspf.py:121:44: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/servicesxspf.py:121:51: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/servicesxspf.py:121:57: E226 missing whitespace around arithmetic operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/servicesxspf.py:121:70: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/servicesxspf.py:121:77: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/servicesxspf.py:121:83: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/servicesxspf.py:121:91: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/servicesxspf.py:121:107: E226 missing whitespace around arithmetic operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/servicesxspf.py:121:112: E226 missing whitespace around arithmetic operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/servicesxspf.py:122:24: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/servicesxspf.py:123:35: E226 missing whitespace around arithmetic operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/servicesxspf.py:123:44: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/servicesxspf.py:123:51: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/servicesxspf.py:123:57: E226 missing whitespace around arithmetic operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/servicesxspf.py:123:66: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/servicesxspf.py:123:73: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/servicesxspf.py:123:79: E226 missing whitespace around arithmetic operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/servicesxspf.py:123:84: E226 missing whitespace around arithmetic operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/servicesxspf.py:125:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/servicesxspf.py:125:34: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/servicesxspf.py:125:40: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/servicesxspf.py:126:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/servicesxspf.py:126:69: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/servicesxspf.py:134:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/servicesxspf.py:136:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/servicesxspf.py:137:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/servicesxspf.py:139:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/servicesxspf.py:141:5: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/servicesxspf.py:144:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/web/servicesxspf.py:158:40: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/servicesxspf.py:160:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/servicesxspf.py:162:1: E305 expected 2 blank lines after class or function definition, found 1
plugin/controllers/views/web/servicesxspf.py:172:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/servicesxspf.py:177:1: W391 blank line at end of file
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgservicenext.py:6:1: E303 too many blank lines (4)
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgservicenext.py:7:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgservicenext.py:8:1: F401 'sys' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgservicenext.py:10:1: F401 'os.path' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgservicenext.py:14:5: F401 '__builtin__ as builtin' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgservicenext.py:15:1: F401 'os.path.exists' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgservicenext.py:15:1: F401 'os.path.getmtime' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgservicenext.py:17:1: F401 'types' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgservicenext.py:21:1: F403 'from Cheetah.DummyTransaction import *' used; unable to detect undefined names
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgservicenext.py:22:1: F401 'Cheetah.NameMapper.NotFound' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgservicenext.py:23:1: F401 'Cheetah.CacheRegion.CacheRegion' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgservicenext.py:24:1: F401 'Cheetah.Filters' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgservicenext.py:25:1: F401 'Cheetah.ErrorCatchers' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgservicenext.py:28:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgservicenext.py:29:6: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgservicenext.py:30:5: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgservicenext.py:31:4: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgservicenext.py:32:12: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgservicenext.py:43:7: E121 continuation line under-indented for hanging indent
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgservicenext.py:44:70: E228 missing whitespace around modulo operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgservicenext.py:45:10: E121 continuation line under-indented for hanging indent
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgservicenext.py:48:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgservicenext.py:53:5: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgservicenext.py:56:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgservicenext.py:62:18: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgservicenext.py:63:35: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgservicenext.py:65:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgservicenext.py:67:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgservicenext.py:71:9: E303 too many blank lines (3)
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgservicenext.py:71:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgservicenext.py:73:37: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgservicenext.py:75:21: F405 'DummyTransaction' may be undefined, or defined from star imports: Cheetah.DummyTransaction
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgservicenext.py:77:13: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgservicenext.py:81:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgservicenext.py:83:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgservicenext.py:84:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgservicenext.py:87:34: W601 .has_key() is deprecated, use 'in'
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgservicenext.py:91:1: E101 indentation contains mixed spaces and tabs
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgservicenext.py:91:4: E126 continuation line over-indented for hanging indent
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgservicenext.py:95:30: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgservicenext.py:95:39: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgservicenext.py:95:46: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgservicenext.py:98:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgservicenext.py:98:32: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgservicenext.py:98:48: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgservicenext.py:98:59: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgservicenext.py:98:66: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgservicenext.py:99:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgservicenext.py:99:78: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgservicenext.py:102:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgservicenext.py:102:32: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgservicenext.py:102:48: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgservicenext.py:102:72: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgservicenext.py:102:79: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgservicenext.py:103:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgservicenext.py:103:91: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgservicenext.py:106:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgservicenext.py:106:32: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgservicenext.py:106:48: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgservicenext.py:106:69: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgservicenext.py:106:76: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgservicenext.py:107:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgservicenext.py:107:88: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgservicenext.py:110:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgservicenext.py:110:32: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgservicenext.py:110:48: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgservicenext.py:110:70: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgservicenext.py:110:77: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgservicenext.py:111:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgservicenext.py:111:89: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgservicenext.py:114:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgservicenext.py:114:32: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgservicenext.py:114:48: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgservicenext.py:114:62: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgservicenext.py:114:69: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgservicenext.py:115:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgservicenext.py:115:81: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgservicenext.py:118:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgservicenext.py:118:32: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgservicenext.py:118:48: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgservicenext.py:118:66: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgservicenext.py:118:73: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgservicenext.py:119:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgservicenext.py:119:85: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgservicenext.py:122:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgservicenext.py:122:32: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgservicenext.py:122:48: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgservicenext.py:122:65: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgservicenext.py:122:72: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgservicenext.py:123:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgservicenext.py:123:84: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgservicenext.py:126:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgservicenext.py:126:39: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgservicenext.py:126:45: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgservicenext.py:127:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgservicenext.py:127:74: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgservicenext.py:130:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgservicenext.py:130:40: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgservicenext.py:130:46: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgservicenext.py:131:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgservicenext.py:131:75: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgservicenext.py:134:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgservicenext.py:134:42: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgservicenext.py:134:48: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgservicenext.py:135:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgservicenext.py:135:77: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgservicenext.py:137:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgservicenext.py:137:40: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgservicenext.py:137:46: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgservicenext.py:138:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgservicenext.py:138:75: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgservicenext.py:145:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgservicenext.py:147:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgservicenext.py:148:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgservicenext.py:150:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgservicenext.py:152:5: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgservicenext.py:155:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgservicenext.py:169:42: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgservicenext.py:171:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgservicenext.py:173:1: E305 expected 2 blank lines after class or function definition, found 1
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgservicenext.py:183:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgservicenext.py:188:1: W391 blank line at end of file
plugin/controllers/views/web/movielistrss.py:6:1: E303 too many blank lines (4)
plugin/controllers/views/web/movielistrss.py:7:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/movielistrss.py:8:1: F401 'sys' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/movielistrss.py:10:1: F401 'os.path' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/movielistrss.py:14:5: F401 '__builtin__ as builtin' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/movielistrss.py:15:1: F401 'os.path.exists' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/movielistrss.py:15:1: F401 'os.path.getmtime' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/movielistrss.py:17:1: F401 'types' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/movielistrss.py:21:1: F403 'from Cheetah.DummyTransaction import *' used; unable to detect undefined names
plugin/controllers/views/web/movielistrss.py:22:1: F401 'Cheetah.NameMapper.NotFound' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/movielistrss.py:23:1: F401 'Cheetah.CacheRegion.CacheRegion' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/movielistrss.py:24:1: F401 'Cheetah.Filters' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/movielistrss.py:25:1: F401 'Cheetah.ErrorCatchers' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/movielistrss.py:26:1: F401 'six.moves.urllib.parse.quote' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/movielistrss.py:29:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/movielistrss.py:30:6: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/movielistrss.py:31:5: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/movielistrss.py:32:4: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/movielistrss.py:33:12: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/movielistrss.py:44:7: E121 continuation line under-indented for hanging indent
plugin/controllers/views/web/movielistrss.py:45:70: E228 missing whitespace around modulo operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/movielistrss.py:46:10: E121 continuation line under-indented for hanging indent
plugin/controllers/views/web/movielistrss.py:49:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/movielistrss.py:54:5: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/movielistrss.py:57:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/web/movielistrss.py:63:18: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/movielistrss.py:64:35: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/movielistrss.py:66:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/movielistrss.py:68:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/web/movielistrss.py:72:9: E303 too many blank lines (3)
plugin/controllers/views/web/movielistrss.py:72:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/movielistrss.py:74:37: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/movielistrss.py:76:21: F405 'DummyTransaction' may be undefined, or defined from star imports: Cheetah.DummyTransaction
plugin/controllers/views/web/movielistrss.py:78:13: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/movielistrss.py:82:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/movielistrss.py:84:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/movielistrss.py:85:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/movielistrss.py:88:34: W601 .has_key() is deprecated, use 'in'
plugin/controllers/views/web/movielistrss.py:92:1: E101 indentation contains mixed spaces and tabs
plugin/controllers/views/web/movielistrss.py:92:4: E126 continuation line over-indented for hanging indent
plugin/controllers/views/web/movielistrss.py:101:30: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/movielistrss.py:101:39: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/movielistrss.py:101:46: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/movielistrss.py:104:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/movielistrss.py:104:44: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/movielistrss.py:104:50: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/movielistrss.py:105:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/movielistrss.py:105:79: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/movielistrss.py:109:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/movielistrss.py:109:46: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/movielistrss.py:109:52: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/movielistrss.py:110:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/movielistrss.py:110:81: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/movielistrss.py:113:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/movielistrss.py:113:46: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/movielistrss.py:113:52: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/movielistrss.py:114:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/movielistrss.py:114:81: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/movielistrss.py:117:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/movielistrss.py:117:54: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/movielistrss.py:117:60: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/movielistrss.py:118:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/movielistrss.py:118:89: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/movielistrss.py:121:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/movielistrss.py:121:43: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/movielistrss.py:121:49: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/movielistrss.py:122:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/movielistrss.py:122:78: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/movielistrss.py:125:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/movielistrss.py:125:39: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/movielistrss.py:125:45: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/movielistrss.py:126:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/movielistrss.py:126:74: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/movielistrss.py:129:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/movielistrss.py:129:43: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/movielistrss.py:129:49: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/movielistrss.py:130:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/movielistrss.py:130:78: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/movielistrss.py:134:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/movielistrss.py:134:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/movielistrss.py:134:39: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/movielistrss.py:135:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/movielistrss.py:135:68: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/movielistrss.py:137:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/movielistrss.py:137:34: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/movielistrss.py:137:50: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/movielistrss.py:137:67: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/movielistrss.py:137:74: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/movielistrss.py:138:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/movielistrss.py:138:86: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/movielistrss.py:141:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/movielistrss.py:141:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/movielistrss.py:141:39: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/movielistrss.py:142:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/movielistrss.py:142:68: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/movielistrss.py:144:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/movielistrss.py:144:34: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/movielistrss.py:144:50: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/movielistrss.py:144:67: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/movielistrss.py:144:74: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/movielistrss.py:145:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/movielistrss.py:145:86: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/movielistrss.py:148:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/movielistrss.py:148:44: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/movielistrss.py:148:50: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/movielistrss.py:149:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/movielistrss.py:149:79: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/movielistrss.py:152:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/movielistrss.py:152:46: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/movielistrss.py:152:52: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/movielistrss.py:153:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/movielistrss.py:153:81: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/movielistrss.py:162:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/movielistrss.py:164:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/movielistrss.py:165:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/movielistrss.py:167:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/movielistrss.py:169:5: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/movielistrss.py:172:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/web/movielistrss.py:186:40: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/movielistrss.py:188:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/movielistrss.py:190:1: E305 expected 2 blank lines after class or function definition, found 1
plugin/controllers/views/web/movielistrss.py:200:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/movielistrss.py:205:1: W391 blank line at end of file
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayerfindfile.py:6:1: E303 too many blank lines (4)
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayerfindfile.py:7:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayerfindfile.py:8:1: F401 'sys' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayerfindfile.py:10:1: F401 'os.path' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayerfindfile.py:14:5: F401 '__builtin__ as builtin' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayerfindfile.py:15:1: F401 'os.path.exists' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayerfindfile.py:15:1: F401 'os.path.getmtime' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayerfindfile.py:17:1: F401 'types' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayerfindfile.py:21:1: F403 'from Cheetah.DummyTransaction import *' used; unable to detect undefined names
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayerfindfile.py:22:1: F401 'Cheetah.NameMapper.NotFound' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayerfindfile.py:23:1: F401 'Cheetah.CacheRegion.CacheRegion' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayerfindfile.py:24:1: F401 'Cheetah.Filters' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayerfindfile.py:25:1: F401 'Cheetah.ErrorCatchers' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayerfindfile.py:28:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayerfindfile.py:29:6: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayerfindfile.py:30:5: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayerfindfile.py:31:4: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayerfindfile.py:32:12: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayerfindfile.py:43:7: E121 continuation line under-indented for hanging indent
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayerfindfile.py:44:70: E228 missing whitespace around modulo operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayerfindfile.py:45:10: E121 continuation line under-indented for hanging indent
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayerfindfile.py:48:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayerfindfile.py:53:5: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayerfindfile.py:56:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayerfindfile.py:62:18: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayerfindfile.py:63:35: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayerfindfile.py:65:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayerfindfile.py:67:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayerfindfile.py:71:9: E303 too many blank lines (3)
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayerfindfile.py:71:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayerfindfile.py:73:37: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayerfindfile.py:75:21: F405 'DummyTransaction' may be undefined, or defined from star imports: Cheetah.DummyTransaction
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayerfindfile.py:77:13: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayerfindfile.py:81:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayerfindfile.py:83:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayerfindfile.py:84:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayerfindfile.py:87:34: W601 .has_key() is deprecated, use 'in'
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayerfindfile.py:91:1: E101 indentation contains mixed spaces and tabs
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayerfindfile.py:91:4: E126 continuation line over-indented for hanging indent
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayerfindfile.py:95:29: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayerfindfile.py:95:37: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayerfindfile.py:95:44: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayerfindfile.py:98:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayerfindfile.py:98:32: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayerfindfile.py:98:48: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayerfindfile.py:98:60: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayerfindfile.py:98:67: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayerfindfile.py:99:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayerfindfile.py:99:79: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayerfindfile.py:102:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayerfindfile.py:102:32: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayerfindfile.py:102:48: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayerfindfile.py:102:60: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayerfindfile.py:102:67: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayerfindfile.py:103:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayerfindfile.py:103:79: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayerfindfile.py:110:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayerfindfile.py:112:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayerfindfile.py:113:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayerfindfile.py:115:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayerfindfile.py:117:5: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayerfindfile.py:120:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayerfindfile.py:134:47: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayerfindfile.py:136:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayerfindfile.py:138:1: E305 expected 2 blank lines after class or function definition, found 1
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayerfindfile.py:148:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayerfindfile.py:153:1: W391 blank line at end of file
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgbouquet.py:6:1: E303 too many blank lines (4)
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgbouquet.py:7:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgbouquet.py:8:1: F401 'sys' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgbouquet.py:10:1: F401 'os.path' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgbouquet.py:14:5: F401 '__builtin__ as builtin' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgbouquet.py:15:1: F401 'os.path.exists' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgbouquet.py:15:1: F401 'os.path.getmtime' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgbouquet.py:17:1: F401 'types' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgbouquet.py:21:1: F403 'from Cheetah.DummyTransaction import *' used; unable to detect undefined names
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgbouquet.py:22:1: F401 'Cheetah.NameMapper.NotFound' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgbouquet.py:23:1: F401 'Cheetah.CacheRegion.CacheRegion' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgbouquet.py:24:1: F401 'Cheetah.Filters' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgbouquet.py:25:1: F401 'Cheetah.ErrorCatchers' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgbouquet.py:28:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgbouquet.py:29:6: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgbouquet.py:30:5: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgbouquet.py:31:4: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgbouquet.py:32:12: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgbouquet.py:43:7: E121 continuation line under-indented for hanging indent
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgbouquet.py:44:70: E228 missing whitespace around modulo operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgbouquet.py:45:10: E121 continuation line under-indented for hanging indent
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgbouquet.py:48:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgbouquet.py:53:5: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgbouquet.py:56:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgbouquet.py:62:18: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgbouquet.py:63:35: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgbouquet.py:65:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgbouquet.py:67:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgbouquet.py:71:9: E303 too many blank lines (3)
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgbouquet.py:71:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgbouquet.py:73:37: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgbouquet.py:75:21: F405 'DummyTransaction' may be undefined, or defined from star imports: Cheetah.DummyTransaction
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgbouquet.py:77:13: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgbouquet.py:81:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgbouquet.py:83:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgbouquet.py:84:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgbouquet.py:87:34: W601 .has_key() is deprecated, use 'in'
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgbouquet.py:91:1: E101 indentation contains mixed spaces and tabs
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgbouquet.py:91:4: E126 continuation line over-indented for hanging indent
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgbouquet.py:95:30: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgbouquet.py:95:39: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgbouquet.py:95:46: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgbouquet.py:98:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgbouquet.py:98:32: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgbouquet.py:98:48: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgbouquet.py:98:59: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgbouquet.py:98:66: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgbouquet.py:99:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgbouquet.py:99:78: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgbouquet.py:102:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgbouquet.py:102:32: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgbouquet.py:102:48: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgbouquet.py:102:72: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgbouquet.py:102:79: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgbouquet.py:103:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgbouquet.py:103:91: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgbouquet.py:106:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgbouquet.py:106:32: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgbouquet.py:106:48: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgbouquet.py:106:69: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgbouquet.py:106:76: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgbouquet.py:107:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgbouquet.py:107:88: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgbouquet.py:110:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgbouquet.py:110:32: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgbouquet.py:110:48: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgbouquet.py:110:70: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgbouquet.py:110:77: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgbouquet.py:111:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgbouquet.py:111:89: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgbouquet.py:114:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgbouquet.py:114:32: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgbouquet.py:114:48: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgbouquet.py:114:62: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgbouquet.py:114:69: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgbouquet.py:115:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgbouquet.py:115:81: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgbouquet.py:118:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgbouquet.py:118:32: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgbouquet.py:118:48: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgbouquet.py:118:66: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgbouquet.py:118:73: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgbouquet.py:119:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgbouquet.py:119:85: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgbouquet.py:122:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgbouquet.py:122:32: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgbouquet.py:122:48: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgbouquet.py:122:65: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgbouquet.py:122:72: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgbouquet.py:123:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgbouquet.py:123:84: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgbouquet.py:126:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgbouquet.py:126:39: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgbouquet.py:126:45: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgbouquet.py:127:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgbouquet.py:127:74: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgbouquet.py:130:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgbouquet.py:130:40: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgbouquet.py:130:46: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgbouquet.py:131:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgbouquet.py:131:75: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgbouquet.py:134:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgbouquet.py:134:42: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgbouquet.py:134:48: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgbouquet.py:135:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgbouquet.py:135:77: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgbouquet.py:137:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgbouquet.py:137:40: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgbouquet.py:137:46: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgbouquet.py:138:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgbouquet.py:138:75: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgbouquet.py:145:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgbouquet.py:147:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgbouquet.py:148:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgbouquet.py:150:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgbouquet.py:152:5: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgbouquet.py:155:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgbouquet.py:169:38: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgbouquet.py:171:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgbouquet.py:173:1: E305 expected 2 blank lines after class or function definition, found 1
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgbouquet.py:183:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgbouquet.py:188:1: W391 blank line at end of file
plugin/controllers/views/web/tunersignal.py:6:1: E303 too many blank lines (4)
plugin/controllers/views/web/tunersignal.py:7:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/tunersignal.py:8:1: F401 'sys' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/tunersignal.py:10:1: F401 'os.path' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/tunersignal.py:14:5: F401 '__builtin__ as builtin' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/tunersignal.py:15:1: F401 'os.path.exists' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/tunersignal.py:15:1: F401 'os.path.getmtime' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/tunersignal.py:17:1: F401 'types' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/tunersignal.py:21:1: F403 'from Cheetah.DummyTransaction import *' used; unable to detect undefined names
plugin/controllers/views/web/tunersignal.py:22:1: F401 'Cheetah.NameMapper.NotFound' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/tunersignal.py:23:1: F401 'Cheetah.CacheRegion.CacheRegion' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/tunersignal.py:24:1: F401 'Cheetah.Filters' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/tunersignal.py:25:1: F401 'Cheetah.ErrorCatchers' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/tunersignal.py:28:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/tunersignal.py:29:6: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/tunersignal.py:30:5: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/tunersignal.py:31:4: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/tunersignal.py:32:12: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/tunersignal.py:43:7: E121 continuation line under-indented for hanging indent
plugin/controllers/views/web/tunersignal.py:44:70: E228 missing whitespace around modulo operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/tunersignal.py:45:10: E121 continuation line under-indented for hanging indent
plugin/controllers/views/web/tunersignal.py:48:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/tunersignal.py:53:5: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/tunersignal.py:56:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/web/tunersignal.py:62:18: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/tunersignal.py:63:35: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/tunersignal.py:65:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/tunersignal.py:67:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/web/tunersignal.py:71:9: E303 too many blank lines (3)
plugin/controllers/views/web/tunersignal.py:71:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/tunersignal.py:73:37: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/tunersignal.py:75:21: F405 'DummyTransaction' may be undefined, or defined from star imports: Cheetah.DummyTransaction
plugin/controllers/views/web/tunersignal.py:77:13: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/tunersignal.py:81:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/tunersignal.py:83:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/tunersignal.py:84:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/tunersignal.py:87:34: W601 .has_key() is deprecated, use 'in'
plugin/controllers/views/web/tunersignal.py:91:1: E101 indentation contains mixed spaces and tabs
plugin/controllers/views/web/tunersignal.py:91:4: E126 continuation line over-indented for hanging indent
plugin/controllers/views/web/tunersignal.py:95:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/tunersignal.py:95:31: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/tunersignal.py:95:37: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/tunersignal.py:96:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/tunersignal.py:96:66: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/tunersignal.py:99:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/tunersignal.py:99:28: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/tunersignal.py:99:34: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/tunersignal.py:100:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/tunersignal.py:100:63: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/tunersignal.py:103:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/tunersignal.py:103:28: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/tunersignal.py:103:34: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/tunersignal.py:104:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/tunersignal.py:104:63: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/tunersignal.py:107:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/tunersignal.py:107:28: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/tunersignal.py:107:34: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/tunersignal.py:108:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/tunersignal.py:108:63: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/tunersignal.py:113:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/tunersignal.py:115:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/tunersignal.py:116:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/tunersignal.py:118:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/tunersignal.py:120:5: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/tunersignal.py:123:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/web/tunersignal.py:137:39: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/tunersignal.py:139:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/tunersignal.py:141:1: E305 expected 2 blank lines after class or function definition, found 1
plugin/controllers/views/web/tunersignal.py:151:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/tunersignal.py:156:1: W391 blank line at end of file
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgservicenow.py:6:1: E303 too many blank lines (4)
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgservicenow.py:7:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgservicenow.py:8:1: F401 'sys' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgservicenow.py:10:1: F401 'os.path' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgservicenow.py:14:5: F401 '__builtin__ as builtin' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgservicenow.py:15:1: F401 'os.path.exists' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgservicenow.py:15:1: F401 'os.path.getmtime' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgservicenow.py:17:1: F401 'types' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgservicenow.py:21:1: F403 'from Cheetah.DummyTransaction import *' used; unable to detect undefined names
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgservicenow.py:22:1: F401 'Cheetah.NameMapper.NotFound' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgservicenow.py:23:1: F401 'Cheetah.CacheRegion.CacheRegion' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgservicenow.py:24:1: F401 'Cheetah.Filters' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgservicenow.py:25:1: F401 'Cheetah.ErrorCatchers' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgservicenow.py:28:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgservicenow.py:29:6: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgservicenow.py:30:5: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgservicenow.py:31:4: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgservicenow.py:32:12: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgservicenow.py:43:7: E121 continuation line under-indented for hanging indent
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgservicenow.py:44:70: E228 missing whitespace around modulo operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgservicenow.py:45:10: E121 continuation line under-indented for hanging indent
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgservicenow.py:48:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgservicenow.py:53:5: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgservicenow.py:56:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgservicenow.py:62:18: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgservicenow.py:63:35: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgservicenow.py:65:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgservicenow.py:67:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgservicenow.py:71:9: E303 too many blank lines (3)
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgservicenow.py:71:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgservicenow.py:73:37: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgservicenow.py:75:21: F405 'DummyTransaction' may be undefined, or defined from star imports: Cheetah.DummyTransaction
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgservicenow.py:77:13: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgservicenow.py:81:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgservicenow.py:83:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgservicenow.py:84:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgservicenow.py:87:34: W601 .has_key() is deprecated, use 'in'
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgservicenow.py:91:1: E101 indentation contains mixed spaces and tabs
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgservicenow.py:91:4: E126 continuation line over-indented for hanging indent
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgservicenow.py:95:30: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgservicenow.py:95:39: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgservicenow.py:95:46: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgservicenow.py:98:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgservicenow.py:98:32: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgservicenow.py:98:48: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgservicenow.py:98:59: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgservicenow.py:98:66: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgservicenow.py:99:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgservicenow.py:99:78: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgservicenow.py:102:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgservicenow.py:102:32: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgservicenow.py:102:48: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgservicenow.py:102:72: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgservicenow.py:102:79: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgservicenow.py:103:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgservicenow.py:103:91: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgservicenow.py:106:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgservicenow.py:106:32: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgservicenow.py:106:48: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgservicenow.py:106:69: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgservicenow.py:106:76: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgservicenow.py:107:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgservicenow.py:107:88: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgservicenow.py:110:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgservicenow.py:110:32: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgservicenow.py:110:48: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgservicenow.py:110:70: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgservicenow.py:110:77: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgservicenow.py:111:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgservicenow.py:111:89: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgservicenow.py:114:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgservicenow.py:114:32: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgservicenow.py:114:48: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgservicenow.py:114:62: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgservicenow.py:114:69: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgservicenow.py:115:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgservicenow.py:115:81: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgservicenow.py:118:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgservicenow.py:118:32: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgservicenow.py:118:48: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgservicenow.py:118:66: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgservicenow.py:118:73: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgservicenow.py:119:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgservicenow.py:119:85: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgservicenow.py:122:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgservicenow.py:122:32: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgservicenow.py:122:48: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgservicenow.py:122:65: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgservicenow.py:122:72: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgservicenow.py:123:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgservicenow.py:123:84: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgservicenow.py:126:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgservicenow.py:126:39: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgservicenow.py:126:45: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgservicenow.py:127:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgservicenow.py:127:74: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgservicenow.py:130:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgservicenow.py:130:40: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgservicenow.py:130:46: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgservicenow.py:131:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgservicenow.py:131:75: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgservicenow.py:134:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgservicenow.py:134:42: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgservicenow.py:134:48: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgservicenow.py:135:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgservicenow.py:135:77: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgservicenow.py:137:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgservicenow.py:137:40: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgservicenow.py:137:46: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgservicenow.py:138:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgservicenow.py:138:75: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgservicenow.py:145:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgservicenow.py:147:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgservicenow.py:148:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgservicenow.py:150:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgservicenow.py:152:5: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgservicenow.py:155:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgservicenow.py:169:41: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgservicenow.py:171:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgservicenow.py:173:1: E305 expected 2 blank lines after class or function definition, found 1
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgservicenow.py:183:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgservicenow.py:188:1: W391 blank line at end of file
plugin/controllers/views/web/timerchange.py:6:1: E303 too many blank lines (4)
plugin/controllers/views/web/timerchange.py:7:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/timerchange.py:8:1: F401 'sys' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/timerchange.py:10:1: F401 'os.path' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/timerchange.py:14:5: F401 '__builtin__ as builtin' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/timerchange.py:15:1: F401 'os.path.exists' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/timerchange.py:15:1: F401 'os.path.getmtime' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/timerchange.py:17:1: F401 'types' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/timerchange.py:21:1: F403 'from Cheetah.DummyTransaction import *' used; unable to detect undefined names
plugin/controllers/views/web/timerchange.py:22:1: F401 'Cheetah.NameMapper.NotFound' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/timerchange.py:23:1: F401 'Cheetah.CacheRegion.CacheRegion' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/timerchange.py:24:1: F401 'Cheetah.Filters' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/timerchange.py:25:1: F401 'Cheetah.ErrorCatchers' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/timerchange.py:28:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/timerchange.py:29:6: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/timerchange.py:30:5: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/timerchange.py:31:4: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/timerchange.py:32:12: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/timerchange.py:43:7: E121 continuation line under-indented for hanging indent
plugin/controllers/views/web/timerchange.py:44:70: E228 missing whitespace around modulo operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/timerchange.py:45:10: E121 continuation line under-indented for hanging indent
plugin/controllers/views/web/timerchange.py:48:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/timerchange.py:53:5: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/timerchange.py:56:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/web/timerchange.py:62:18: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/timerchange.py:63:35: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/timerchange.py:65:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/timerchange.py:67:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/web/timerchange.py:71:9: E303 too many blank lines (3)
plugin/controllers/views/web/timerchange.py:71:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/timerchange.py:73:37: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/timerchange.py:75:21: F405 'DummyTransaction' may be undefined, or defined from star imports: Cheetah.DummyTransaction
plugin/controllers/views/web/timerchange.py:77:13: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/timerchange.py:81:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/timerchange.py:83:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/timerchange.py:84:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/timerchange.py:87:34: W601 .has_key() is deprecated, use 'in'
plugin/controllers/views/web/timerchange.py:91:1: E101 indentation contains mixed spaces and tabs
plugin/controllers/views/web/timerchange.py:91:4: E126 continuation line over-indented for hanging indent
plugin/controllers/views/web/timerchange.py:95:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/timerchange.py:95:31: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/timerchange.py:95:37: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/timerchange.py:96:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/timerchange.py:96:66: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/timerchange.py:99:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/timerchange.py:99:32: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/timerchange.py:99:38: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/timerchange.py:100:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/timerchange.py:100:67: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/timerchange.py:105:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/timerchange.py:107:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/timerchange.py:108:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/timerchange.py:110:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/timerchange.py:112:5: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/timerchange.py:115:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/web/timerchange.py:129:39: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/timerchange.py:131:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/timerchange.py:133:1: E305 expected 2 blank lines after class or function definition, found 1
plugin/controllers/views/web/timerchange.py:143:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/timerchange.py:148:1: W391 blank line at end of file
plugin/controllers/views/web/pluginlistread.py:6:1: E303 too many blank lines (4)
plugin/controllers/views/web/pluginlistread.py:7:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/pluginlistread.py:8:1: F401 'sys' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/pluginlistread.py:10:1: F401 'os.path' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/pluginlistread.py:14:5: F401 '__builtin__ as builtin' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/pluginlistread.py:15:1: F401 'os.path.exists' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/pluginlistread.py:15:1: F401 'os.path.getmtime' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/pluginlistread.py:17:1: F401 'types' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/pluginlistread.py:21:1: F403 'from Cheetah.DummyTransaction import *' used; unable to detect undefined names
plugin/controllers/views/web/pluginlistread.py:22:1: F401 'Cheetah.NameMapper.NotFound' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/pluginlistread.py:23:1: F401 'Cheetah.CacheRegion.CacheRegion' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/pluginlistread.py:24:1: F401 'Cheetah.Filters' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/pluginlistread.py:25:1: F401 'Cheetah.ErrorCatchers' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/pluginlistread.py:28:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/pluginlistread.py:29:6: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/pluginlistread.py:30:5: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/pluginlistread.py:31:4: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/pluginlistread.py:32:12: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/pluginlistread.py:43:7: E121 continuation line under-indented for hanging indent
plugin/controllers/views/web/pluginlistread.py:44:70: E228 missing whitespace around modulo operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/pluginlistread.py:45:10: E121 continuation line under-indented for hanging indent
plugin/controllers/views/web/pluginlistread.py:48:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/pluginlistread.py:53:5: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/pluginlistread.py:56:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/web/pluginlistread.py:62:18: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/pluginlistread.py:63:35: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/pluginlistread.py:65:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/pluginlistread.py:67:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/web/pluginlistread.py:71:9: E303 too many blank lines (3)
plugin/controllers/views/web/pluginlistread.py:71:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/pluginlistread.py:73:37: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/pluginlistread.py:75:21: F405 'DummyTransaction' may be undefined, or defined from star imports: Cheetah.DummyTransaction
plugin/controllers/views/web/pluginlistread.py:77:13: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/pluginlistread.py:81:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/pluginlistread.py:83:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/pluginlistread.py:84:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/pluginlistread.py:87:34: W601 .has_key() is deprecated, use 'in'
plugin/controllers/views/web/pluginlistread.py:91:1: E101 indentation contains mixed spaces and tabs
plugin/controllers/views/web/pluginlistread.py:91:4: E126 continuation line over-indented for hanging indent
plugin/controllers/views/web/pluginlistread.py:95:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/pluginlistread.py:95:31: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/pluginlistread.py:95:37: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/pluginlistread.py:96:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/pluginlistread.py:96:66: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/pluginlistread.py:99:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/pluginlistread.py:99:32: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/pluginlistread.py:99:38: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/pluginlistread.py:100:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/pluginlistread.py:100:67: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/pluginlistread.py:105:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/pluginlistread.py:107:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/pluginlistread.py:108:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/pluginlistread.py:110:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/pluginlistread.py:112:5: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/pluginlistread.py:115:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/web/pluginlistread.py:129:42: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/pluginlistread.py:131:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/pluginlistread.py:133:1: E305 expected 2 blank lines after class or function definition, found 1
plugin/controllers/views/web/pluginlistread.py:143:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/pluginlistread.py:148:1: W391 blank line at end of file
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgsearchrss.py:6:1: E303 too many blank lines (4)
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgsearchrss.py:7:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgsearchrss.py:8:1: F401 'sys' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgsearchrss.py:10:1: F401 'os.path' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgsearchrss.py:14:5: F401 '__builtin__ as builtin' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgsearchrss.py:15:1: F401 'os.path.exists' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgsearchrss.py:15:1: F401 'os.path.getmtime' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgsearchrss.py:17:1: F401 'types' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgsearchrss.py:21:1: F403 'from Cheetah.DummyTransaction import *' used; unable to detect undefined names
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgsearchrss.py:22:1: F401 'Cheetah.NameMapper.NotFound' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgsearchrss.py:23:1: F401 'Cheetah.CacheRegion.CacheRegion' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgsearchrss.py:24:1: F401 'Cheetah.Filters' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgsearchrss.py:25:1: F401 'Cheetah.ErrorCatchers' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgsearchrss.py:28:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgsearchrss.py:29:6: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgsearchrss.py:30:5: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgsearchrss.py:31:4: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgsearchrss.py:32:12: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgsearchrss.py:43:7: E121 continuation line under-indented for hanging indent
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgsearchrss.py:44:70: E228 missing whitespace around modulo operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgsearchrss.py:45:10: E121 continuation line under-indented for hanging indent
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgsearchrss.py:48:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgsearchrss.py:53:5: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgsearchrss.py:56:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgsearchrss.py:62:18: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgsearchrss.py:63:35: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgsearchrss.py:65:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgsearchrss.py:67:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgsearchrss.py:71:9: E303 too many blank lines (3)
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgsearchrss.py:71:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgsearchrss.py:73:37: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgsearchrss.py:75:21: F405 'DummyTransaction' may be undefined, or defined from star imports: Cheetah.DummyTransaction
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgsearchrss.py:77:13: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgsearchrss.py:81:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgsearchrss.py:83:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgsearchrss.py:84:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgsearchrss.py:87:34: W601 .has_key() is deprecated, use 'in'
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgsearchrss.py:91:1: E101 indentation contains mixed spaces and tabs
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgsearchrss.py:91:4: E126 continuation line over-indented for hanging indent
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgsearchrss.py:96:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgsearchrss.py:96:30: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgsearchrss.py:96:36: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgsearchrss.py:97:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgsearchrss.py:97:65: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgsearchrss.py:103:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgsearchrss.py:103:36: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgsearchrss.py:103:42: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgsearchrss.py:104:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgsearchrss.py:104:71: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgsearchrss.py:107:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgsearchrss.py:107:34: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgsearchrss.py:107:40: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgsearchrss.py:108:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgsearchrss.py:108:69: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgsearchrss.py:111:30: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgsearchrss.py:111:39: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgsearchrss.py:111:46: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgsearchrss.py:114:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgsearchrss.py:114:40: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgsearchrss.py:114:46: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgsearchrss.py:115:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgsearchrss.py:115:75: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgsearchrss.py:117:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgsearchrss.py:117:39: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgsearchrss.py:117:45: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgsearchrss.py:118:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgsearchrss.py:118:74: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgsearchrss.py:120:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgsearchrss.py:120:40: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgsearchrss.py:120:46: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgsearchrss.py:121:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgsearchrss.py:121:75: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgsearchrss.py:125:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgsearchrss.py:125:40: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgsearchrss.py:125:46: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgsearchrss.py:126:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgsearchrss.py:126:75: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgsearchrss.py:130:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgsearchrss.py:130:39: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgsearchrss.py:130:45: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgsearchrss.py:131:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgsearchrss.py:131:74: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgsearchrss.py:133:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgsearchrss.py:133:40: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgsearchrss.py:133:46: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgsearchrss.py:134:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgsearchrss.py:134:75: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgsearchrss.py:138:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgsearchrss.py:138:43: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgsearchrss.py:138:49: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgsearchrss.py:139:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgsearchrss.py:139:78: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgsearchrss.py:143:24: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgsearchrss.py:143:42: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgsearchrss.py:143:49: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgsearchrss.py:145:30: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgsearchrss.py:145:48: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgsearchrss.py:145:54: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgsearchrss.py:146:34: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgsearchrss.py:146:83: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgsearchrss.py:152:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgsearchrss.py:152:43: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgsearchrss.py:152:49: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgsearchrss.py:153:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgsearchrss.py:153:78: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgsearchrss.py:157:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgsearchrss.py:157:40: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgsearchrss.py:157:46: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgsearchrss.py:158:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgsearchrss.py:158:75: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgsearchrss.py:166:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgsearchrss.py:168:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgsearchrss.py:169:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgsearchrss.py:171:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgsearchrss.py:173:5: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgsearchrss.py:176:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgsearchrss.py:190:40: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgsearchrss.py:192:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgsearchrss.py:194:1: E305 expected 2 blank lines after class or function definition, found 1
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgsearchrss.py:204:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgsearchrss.py:209:1: W391 blank line at end of file
plugin/controllers/views/web/powerstate.py:6:1: E303 too many blank lines (4)
plugin/controllers/views/web/powerstate.py:7:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/powerstate.py:8:1: F401 'sys' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/powerstate.py:10:1: F401 'os.path' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/powerstate.py:14:5: F401 '__builtin__ as builtin' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/powerstate.py:15:1: F401 'os.path.exists' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/powerstate.py:15:1: F401 'os.path.getmtime' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/powerstate.py:17:1: F401 'types' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/powerstate.py:21:1: F403 'from Cheetah.DummyTransaction import *' used; unable to detect undefined names
plugin/controllers/views/web/powerstate.py:22:1: F401 'Cheetah.NameMapper.NotFound' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/powerstate.py:23:1: F401 'Cheetah.CacheRegion.CacheRegion' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/powerstate.py:24:1: F401 'Cheetah.Filters' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/powerstate.py:25:1: F401 'Cheetah.ErrorCatchers' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/powerstate.py:28:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/powerstate.py:29:6: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/powerstate.py:30:5: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/powerstate.py:31:4: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/powerstate.py:32:12: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/powerstate.py:43:7: E121 continuation line under-indented for hanging indent
plugin/controllers/views/web/powerstate.py:44:70: E228 missing whitespace around modulo operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/powerstate.py:45:10: E121 continuation line under-indented for hanging indent
plugin/controllers/views/web/powerstate.py:48:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/powerstate.py:53:5: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/powerstate.py:56:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/web/powerstate.py:62:18: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/powerstate.py:63:35: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/powerstate.py:65:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/powerstate.py:67:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/web/powerstate.py:71:9: E303 too many blank lines (3)
plugin/controllers/views/web/powerstate.py:71:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/powerstate.py:73:37: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/powerstate.py:75:21: F405 'DummyTransaction' may be undefined, or defined from star imports: Cheetah.DummyTransaction
plugin/controllers/views/web/powerstate.py:77:13: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/powerstate.py:81:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/powerstate.py:83:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/powerstate.py:84:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/powerstate.py:87:34: W601 .has_key() is deprecated, use 'in'
plugin/controllers/views/web/powerstate.py:91:1: E101 indentation contains mixed spaces and tabs
plugin/controllers/views/web/powerstate.py:91:4: E126 continuation line over-indented for hanging indent
plugin/controllers/views/web/powerstate.py:96:20: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/powerstate.py:96:32: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/powerstate.py:96:38: E203 whitespace before ':'
plugin/controllers/views/web/powerstate.py:96:40: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/powerstate.py:97:17: E222 multiple spaces after operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/powerstate.py:97:25: W291 trailing whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/powerstate.py:98:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/powerstate.py:100:17: E222 multiple spaces after operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/powerstate.py:101:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/powerstate.py:106:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/powerstate.py:108:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/powerstate.py:109:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/powerstate.py:111:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/powerstate.py:113:5: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/powerstate.py:116:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/web/powerstate.py:130:38: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/powerstate.py:132:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/powerstate.py:134:1: E305 expected 2 blank lines after class or function definition, found 1
plugin/controllers/views/web/powerstate.py:144:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/powerstate.py:149:1: W391 blank line at end of file
plugin/controllers/views/web/movielist.py:6:1: E303 too many blank lines (4)
plugin/controllers/views/web/movielist.py:7:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/movielist.py:8:1: F401 'sys' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/movielist.py:10:1: F401 'os.path' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/movielist.py:14:5: F401 '__builtin__ as builtin' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/movielist.py:15:1: F401 'os.path.exists' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/movielist.py:15:1: F401 'os.path.getmtime' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/movielist.py:17:1: F401 'types' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/movielist.py:21:1: F403 'from Cheetah.DummyTransaction import *' used; unable to detect undefined names
plugin/controllers/views/web/movielist.py:22:1: F401 'Cheetah.NameMapper.NotFound' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/movielist.py:23:1: F401 'Cheetah.CacheRegion.CacheRegion' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/movielist.py:24:1: F401 'Cheetah.Filters' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/movielist.py:25:1: F401 'Cheetah.ErrorCatchers' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/movielist.py:28:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/movielist.py:29:6: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/movielist.py:30:5: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/movielist.py:31:4: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/movielist.py:32:12: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/movielist.py:43:7: E121 continuation line under-indented for hanging indent
plugin/controllers/views/web/movielist.py:44:70: E228 missing whitespace around modulo operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/movielist.py:45:10: E121 continuation line under-indented for hanging indent
plugin/controllers/views/web/movielist.py:48:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/movielist.py:53:5: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/movielist.py:56:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/web/movielist.py:62:18: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/movielist.py:63:35: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/movielist.py:65:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/movielist.py:67:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/web/movielist.py:71:9: E303 too many blank lines (3)
plugin/controllers/views/web/movielist.py:71:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/movielist.py:73:37: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/movielist.py:75:21: F405 'DummyTransaction' may be undefined, or defined from star imports: Cheetah.DummyTransaction
plugin/controllers/views/web/movielist.py:77:13: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/movielist.py:81:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/movielist.py:83:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/movielist.py:84:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/movielist.py:87:34: W601 .has_key() is deprecated, use 'in'
plugin/controllers/views/web/movielist.py:91:1: E101 indentation contains mixed spaces and tabs
plugin/controllers/views/web/movielist.py:91:4: E126 continuation line over-indented for hanging indent
plugin/controllers/views/web/movielist.py:95:30: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/movielist.py:95:39: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/movielist.py:95:46: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/movielist.py:98:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/movielist.py:98:43: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/movielist.py:98:49: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/movielist.py:99:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/movielist.py:99:78: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/movielist.py:102:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/movielist.py:102:44: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/movielist.py:102:50: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/movielist.py:103:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/movielist.py:103:79: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/movielist.py:106:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/movielist.py:106:46: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/movielist.py:106:52: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/movielist.py:107:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/movielist.py:107:81: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/movielist.py:110:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/movielist.py:110:54: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/movielist.py:110:60: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/movielist.py:111:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/movielist.py:111:89: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/movielist.py:114:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/movielist.py:114:46: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/movielist.py:114:52: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/movielist.py:115:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/movielist.py:115:81: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/movielist.py:118:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/movielist.py:118:48: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/movielist.py:118:54: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/movielist.py:119:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/movielist.py:119:83: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/movielist.py:122:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/movielist.py:122:41: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/movielist.py:122:47: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/movielist.py:123:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/movielist.py:123:76: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/movielist.py:126:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/movielist.py:126:39: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/movielist.py:126:45: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/movielist.py:127:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/movielist.py:127:74: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/movielist.py:130:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/movielist.py:130:43: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/movielist.py:130:49: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/movielist.py:131:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/movielist.py:131:78: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/movielist.py:134:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/movielist.py:134:43: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/movielist.py:134:49: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/movielist.py:135:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/movielist.py:135:78: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/movielist.py:141:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/movielist.py:141:45: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/movielist.py:141:52: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/movielist.py:143:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/movielist.py:143:37: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/movielist.py:143:43: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/movielist.py:144:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/movielist.py:144:72: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/movielist.py:151:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/movielist.py:153:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/movielist.py:154:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/movielist.py:156:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/movielist.py:158:5: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/movielist.py:161:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/web/movielist.py:175:37: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/movielist.py:177:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/movielist.py:179:1: E305 expected 2 blank lines after class or function definition, found 1
plugin/controllers/views/web/movielist.py:189:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/movielist.py:194:1: W391 blank line at end of file
plugin/controllers/views/web/getaudiotracks.py:6:1: E303 too many blank lines (4)
plugin/controllers/views/web/getaudiotracks.py:7:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/getaudiotracks.py:8:1: F401 'sys' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/getaudiotracks.py:10:1: F401 'os.path' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/getaudiotracks.py:14:5: F401 '__builtin__ as builtin' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/getaudiotracks.py:15:1: F401 'os.path.exists' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/getaudiotracks.py:15:1: F401 'os.path.getmtime' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/getaudiotracks.py:17:1: F401 'types' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/getaudiotracks.py:21:1: F403 'from Cheetah.DummyTransaction import *' used; unable to detect undefined names
plugin/controllers/views/web/getaudiotracks.py:22:1: F401 'Cheetah.NameMapper.NotFound' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/getaudiotracks.py:23:1: F401 'Cheetah.CacheRegion.CacheRegion' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/getaudiotracks.py:24:1: F401 'Cheetah.Filters' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/getaudiotracks.py:25:1: F401 'Cheetah.ErrorCatchers' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/getaudiotracks.py:28:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/getaudiotracks.py:29:6: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/getaudiotracks.py:30:5: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/getaudiotracks.py:31:4: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/getaudiotracks.py:32:12: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/getaudiotracks.py:43:7: E121 continuation line under-indented for hanging indent
plugin/controllers/views/web/getaudiotracks.py:44:70: E228 missing whitespace around modulo operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/getaudiotracks.py:45:10: E121 continuation line under-indented for hanging indent
plugin/controllers/views/web/getaudiotracks.py:48:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/getaudiotracks.py:53:5: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/getaudiotracks.py:56:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/web/getaudiotracks.py:62:18: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/getaudiotracks.py:63:35: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/getaudiotracks.py:65:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/getaudiotracks.py:67:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/web/getaudiotracks.py:71:9: E303 too many blank lines (3)
plugin/controllers/views/web/getaudiotracks.py:71:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/getaudiotracks.py:73:37: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/getaudiotracks.py:75:21: F405 'DummyTransaction' may be undefined, or defined from star imports: Cheetah.DummyTransaction
plugin/controllers/views/web/getaudiotracks.py:77:13: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/getaudiotracks.py:81:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/getaudiotracks.py:83:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/getaudiotracks.py:84:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/getaudiotracks.py:87:34: W601 .has_key() is deprecated, use 'in'
plugin/controllers/views/web/getaudiotracks.py:91:1: E101 indentation contains mixed spaces and tabs
plugin/controllers/views/web/getaudiotracks.py:91:4: E126 continuation line over-indented for hanging indent
plugin/controllers/views/web/getaudiotracks.py:95:30: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/getaudiotracks.py:95:42: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/getaudiotracks.py:95:49: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/getaudiotracks.py:98:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/getaudiotracks.py:98:46: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/getaudiotracks.py:98:52: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/getaudiotracks.py:99:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/getaudiotracks.py:99:81: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/getaudiotracks.py:102:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/getaudiotracks.py:102:40: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/getaudiotracks.py:102:46: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/getaudiotracks.py:103:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/getaudiotracks.py:103:75: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/getaudiotracks.py:106:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/getaudiotracks.py:106:38: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/getaudiotracks.py:106:44: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/getaudiotracks.py:107:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/getaudiotracks.py:107:73: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/getaudiotracks.py:110:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/getaudiotracks.py:110:41: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/getaudiotracks.py:110:47: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/getaudiotracks.py:111:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/getaudiotracks.py:111:76: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/getaudiotracks.py:118:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/getaudiotracks.py:120:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/getaudiotracks.py:121:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/getaudiotracks.py:123:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/getaudiotracks.py:125:5: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/getaudiotracks.py:128:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/web/getaudiotracks.py:142:42: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/getaudiotracks.py:144:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/getaudiotracks.py:146:1: E305 expected 2 blank lines after class or function definition, found 1
plugin/controllers/views/web/getaudiotracks.py:156:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/getaudiotracks.py:161:1: W391 blank line at end of file
plugin/controllers/views/web/remotecontrol.py:6:1: E303 too many blank lines (4)
plugin/controllers/views/web/remotecontrol.py:7:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/remotecontrol.py:8:1: F401 'sys' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/remotecontrol.py:10:1: F401 'os.path' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/remotecontrol.py:14:5: F401 '__builtin__ as builtin' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/remotecontrol.py:15:1: F401 'os.path.exists' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/remotecontrol.py:15:1: F401 'os.path.getmtime' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/remotecontrol.py:17:1: F401 'types' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/remotecontrol.py:21:1: F403 'from Cheetah.DummyTransaction import *' used; unable to detect undefined names
plugin/controllers/views/web/remotecontrol.py:22:1: F401 'Cheetah.NameMapper.NotFound' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/remotecontrol.py:23:1: F401 'Cheetah.CacheRegion.CacheRegion' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/remotecontrol.py:24:1: F401 'Cheetah.Filters' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/remotecontrol.py:25:1: F401 'Cheetah.ErrorCatchers' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/remotecontrol.py:28:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/remotecontrol.py:29:6: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/remotecontrol.py:30:5: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/remotecontrol.py:31:4: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/remotecontrol.py:32:12: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/remotecontrol.py:43:7: E121 continuation line under-indented for hanging indent
plugin/controllers/views/web/remotecontrol.py:44:70: E228 missing whitespace around modulo operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/remotecontrol.py:45:10: E121 continuation line under-indented for hanging indent
plugin/controllers/views/web/remotecontrol.py:48:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/remotecontrol.py:53:5: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/remotecontrol.py:56:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/web/remotecontrol.py:62:18: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/remotecontrol.py:63:35: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/remotecontrol.py:65:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/remotecontrol.py:67:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/web/remotecontrol.py:71:9: E303 too many blank lines (3)
plugin/controllers/views/web/remotecontrol.py:71:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/remotecontrol.py:73:37: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/remotecontrol.py:75:21: F405 'DummyTransaction' may be undefined, or defined from star imports: Cheetah.DummyTransaction
plugin/controllers/views/web/remotecontrol.py:77:13: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/remotecontrol.py:81:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/remotecontrol.py:83:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/remotecontrol.py:84:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/remotecontrol.py:87:34: W601 .has_key() is deprecated, use 'in'
plugin/controllers/views/web/remotecontrol.py:91:1: E101 indentation contains mixed spaces and tabs
plugin/controllers/views/web/remotecontrol.py:91:4: E126 continuation line over-indented for hanging indent
plugin/controllers/views/web/remotecontrol.py:95:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/remotecontrol.py:95:31: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/remotecontrol.py:95:37: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/remotecontrol.py:96:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/remotecontrol.py:96:66: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/remotecontrol.py:99:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/remotecontrol.py:99:32: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/remotecontrol.py:99:38: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/remotecontrol.py:100:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/remotecontrol.py:100:67: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/remotecontrol.py:105:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/remotecontrol.py:107:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/remotecontrol.py:108:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/remotecontrol.py:110:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/remotecontrol.py:112:5: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/remotecontrol.py:115:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/web/remotecontrol.py:129:41: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/remotecontrol.py:131:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/remotecontrol.py:133:1: E305 expected 2 blank lines after class or function definition, found 1
plugin/controllers/views/web/remotecontrol.py:143:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/remotecontrol.py:148:1: W391 blank line at end of file
plugin/controllers/views/web/moviedelete.py:6:1: E303 too many blank lines (4)
plugin/controllers/views/web/moviedelete.py:7:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/moviedelete.py:8:1: F401 'sys' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/moviedelete.py:10:1: F401 'os.path' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/moviedelete.py:14:5: F401 '__builtin__ as builtin' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/moviedelete.py:15:1: F401 'os.path.exists' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/moviedelete.py:15:1: F401 'os.path.getmtime' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/moviedelete.py:17:1: F401 'types' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/moviedelete.py:21:1: F403 'from Cheetah.DummyTransaction import *' used; unable to detect undefined names
plugin/controllers/views/web/moviedelete.py:22:1: F401 'Cheetah.NameMapper.NotFound' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/moviedelete.py:23:1: F401 'Cheetah.CacheRegion.CacheRegion' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/moviedelete.py:24:1: F401 'Cheetah.Filters' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/moviedelete.py:25:1: F401 'Cheetah.ErrorCatchers' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/moviedelete.py:28:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/moviedelete.py:29:6: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/moviedelete.py:30:5: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/moviedelete.py:31:4: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/moviedelete.py:32:12: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/moviedelete.py:43:7: E121 continuation line under-indented for hanging indent
plugin/controllers/views/web/moviedelete.py:44:70: E228 missing whitespace around modulo operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/moviedelete.py:45:10: E121 continuation line under-indented for hanging indent
plugin/controllers/views/web/moviedelete.py:48:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/moviedelete.py:53:5: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/moviedelete.py:56:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/web/moviedelete.py:62:18: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/moviedelete.py:63:35: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/moviedelete.py:65:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/moviedelete.py:67:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/web/moviedelete.py:71:9: E303 too many blank lines (3)
plugin/controllers/views/web/moviedelete.py:71:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/moviedelete.py:73:37: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/moviedelete.py:75:21: F405 'DummyTransaction' may be undefined, or defined from star imports: Cheetah.DummyTransaction
plugin/controllers/views/web/moviedelete.py:77:13: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/moviedelete.py:81:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/moviedelete.py:83:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/moviedelete.py:84:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/moviedelete.py:87:34: W601 .has_key() is deprecated, use 'in'
plugin/controllers/views/web/moviedelete.py:91:1: E101 indentation contains mixed spaces and tabs
plugin/controllers/views/web/moviedelete.py:91:4: E126 continuation line over-indented for hanging indent
plugin/controllers/views/web/moviedelete.py:95:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/moviedelete.py:95:31: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/moviedelete.py:95:37: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/moviedelete.py:96:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/moviedelete.py:96:66: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/moviedelete.py:99:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/moviedelete.py:99:32: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/moviedelete.py:99:38: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/moviedelete.py:100:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/moviedelete.py:100:67: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/moviedelete.py:105:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/moviedelete.py:107:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/moviedelete.py:108:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/moviedelete.py:110:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/moviedelete.py:112:5: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/moviedelete.py:115:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/web/moviedelete.py:129:39: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/moviedelete.py:131:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/moviedelete.py:133:1: E305 expected 2 blank lines after class or function definition, found 1
plugin/controllers/views/web/moviedelete.py:143:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/moviedelete.py:148:1: W391 blank line at end of file
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayerplay.py:6:1: E303 too many blank lines (4)
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayerplay.py:7:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayerplay.py:8:1: F401 'sys' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayerplay.py:10:1: F401 'os.path' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayerplay.py:14:5: F401 '__builtin__ as builtin' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayerplay.py:15:1: F401 'os.path.exists' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayerplay.py:15:1: F401 'os.path.getmtime' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayerplay.py:17:1: F401 'types' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayerplay.py:21:1: F403 'from Cheetah.DummyTransaction import *' used; unable to detect undefined names
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayerplay.py:22:1: F401 'Cheetah.NameMapper.NotFound' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayerplay.py:23:1: F401 'Cheetah.CacheRegion.CacheRegion' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayerplay.py:24:1: F401 'Cheetah.Filters' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayerplay.py:25:1: F401 'Cheetah.ErrorCatchers' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayerplay.py:28:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayerplay.py:29:6: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayerplay.py:30:5: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayerplay.py:31:4: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayerplay.py:32:12: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayerplay.py:43:7: E121 continuation line under-indented for hanging indent
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayerplay.py:44:70: E228 missing whitespace around modulo operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayerplay.py:45:10: E121 continuation line under-indented for hanging indent
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayerplay.py:48:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayerplay.py:53:5: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayerplay.py:56:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayerplay.py:62:18: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayerplay.py:63:35: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayerplay.py:65:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayerplay.py:67:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayerplay.py:71:9: E303 too many blank lines (3)
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayerplay.py:71:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayerplay.py:73:37: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayerplay.py:75:21: F405 'DummyTransaction' may be undefined, or defined from star imports: Cheetah.DummyTransaction
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayerplay.py:77:13: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayerplay.py:81:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayerplay.py:83:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayerplay.py:84:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayerplay.py:87:34: W601 .has_key() is deprecated, use 'in'
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayerplay.py:91:1: E101 indentation contains mixed spaces and tabs
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayerplay.py:91:4: E126 continuation line over-indented for hanging indent
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayerplay.py:95:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayerplay.py:95:31: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayerplay.py:95:37: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayerplay.py:96:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayerplay.py:96:66: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayerplay.py:99:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayerplay.py:99:32: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayerplay.py:99:38: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayerplay.py:100:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayerplay.py:100:67: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayerplay.py:105:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayerplay.py:107:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayerplay.py:108:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayerplay.py:110:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayerplay.py:112:5: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayerplay.py:115:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayerplay.py:129:43: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayerplay.py:131:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayerplay.py:133:1: E305 expected 2 blank lines after class or function definition, found 1
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayerplay.py:143:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayerplay.py:148:1: W391 blank line at end of file
plugin/controllers/views/web/vol.py:6:1: E303 too many blank lines (4)
plugin/controllers/views/web/vol.py:7:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/vol.py:8:1: F401 'sys' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/vol.py:10:1: F401 'os.path' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/vol.py:14:5: F401 '__builtin__ as builtin' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/vol.py:15:1: F401 'os.path.exists' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/vol.py:15:1: F401 'os.path.getmtime' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/vol.py:17:1: F401 'types' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/vol.py:21:1: F403 'from Cheetah.DummyTransaction import *' used; unable to detect undefined names
plugin/controllers/views/web/vol.py:22:1: F401 'Cheetah.NameMapper.NotFound' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/vol.py:23:1: F401 'Cheetah.CacheRegion.CacheRegion' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/vol.py:24:1: F401 'Cheetah.Filters' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/vol.py:25:1: F401 'Cheetah.ErrorCatchers' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/vol.py:28:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/vol.py:29:6: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/vol.py:30:5: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/vol.py:31:4: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/vol.py:32:12: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/vol.py:43:7: E121 continuation line under-indented for hanging indent
plugin/controllers/views/web/vol.py:44:70: E228 missing whitespace around modulo operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/vol.py:45:10: E121 continuation line under-indented for hanging indent
plugin/controllers/views/web/vol.py:48:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/vol.py:53:5: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/vol.py:56:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/web/vol.py:62:18: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/vol.py:63:35: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/vol.py:65:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/vol.py:67:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/web/vol.py:71:9: E303 too many blank lines (3)
plugin/controllers/views/web/vol.py:71:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/vol.py:73:37: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/vol.py:75:21: F405 'DummyTransaction' may be undefined, or defined from star imports: Cheetah.DummyTransaction
plugin/controllers/views/web/vol.py:77:13: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/vol.py:81:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/vol.py:83:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/vol.py:84:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/vol.py:87:34: W601 .has_key() is deprecated, use 'in'
plugin/controllers/views/web/vol.py:91:1: E101 indentation contains mixed spaces and tabs
plugin/controllers/views/web/vol.py:91:4: E126 continuation line over-indented for hanging indent
plugin/controllers/views/web/vol.py:95:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/vol.py:95:31: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/vol.py:95:37: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/vol.py:96:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/vol.py:96:66: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/vol.py:99:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/vol.py:99:32: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/vol.py:99:38: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/vol.py:100:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/vol.py:100:67: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/vol.py:103:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/vol.py:103:32: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/vol.py:103:38: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/vol.py:104:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/vol.py:104:67: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/vol.py:107:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/vol.py:107:31: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/vol.py:107:37: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/vol.py:108:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/vol.py:108:66: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/vol.py:113:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/vol.py:115:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/vol.py:116:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/vol.py:118:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/vol.py:120:5: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/vol.py:123:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/web/vol.py:137:31: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/vol.py:139:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/vol.py:141:1: E305 expected 2 blank lines after class or function definition, found 1
plugin/controllers/views/web/vol.py:151:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/vol.py:156:1: W391 blank line at end of file
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayerwrite.py:6:1: E303 too many blank lines (4)
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayerwrite.py:7:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayerwrite.py:8:1: F401 'sys' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayerwrite.py:10:1: F401 'os.path' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayerwrite.py:14:5: F401 '__builtin__ as builtin' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayerwrite.py:15:1: F401 'os.path.exists' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayerwrite.py:15:1: F401 'os.path.getmtime' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayerwrite.py:17:1: F401 'types' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayerwrite.py:21:1: F403 'from Cheetah.DummyTransaction import *' used; unable to detect undefined names
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayerwrite.py:22:1: F401 'Cheetah.NameMapper.NotFound' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayerwrite.py:23:1: F401 'Cheetah.CacheRegion.CacheRegion' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayerwrite.py:24:1: F401 'Cheetah.Filters' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayerwrite.py:25:1: F401 'Cheetah.ErrorCatchers' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayerwrite.py:28:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayerwrite.py:29:6: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayerwrite.py:30:5: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayerwrite.py:31:4: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayerwrite.py:32:12: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayerwrite.py:43:7: E121 continuation line under-indented for hanging indent
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayerwrite.py:44:70: E228 missing whitespace around modulo operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayerwrite.py:45:10: E121 continuation line under-indented for hanging indent
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayerwrite.py:48:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayerwrite.py:53:5: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayerwrite.py:56:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayerwrite.py:62:18: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayerwrite.py:63:35: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayerwrite.py:65:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayerwrite.py:67:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayerwrite.py:71:9: E303 too many blank lines (3)
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayerwrite.py:71:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayerwrite.py:73:37: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayerwrite.py:75:21: F405 'DummyTransaction' may be undefined, or defined from star imports: Cheetah.DummyTransaction
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayerwrite.py:77:13: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayerwrite.py:81:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayerwrite.py:83:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayerwrite.py:84:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayerwrite.py:87:34: W601 .has_key() is deprecated, use 'in'
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayerwrite.py:91:1: E101 indentation contains mixed spaces and tabs
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayerwrite.py:91:4: E126 continuation line over-indented for hanging indent
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayerwrite.py:95:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayerwrite.py:95:31: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayerwrite.py:95:37: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayerwrite.py:96:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayerwrite.py:96:66: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayerwrite.py:99:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayerwrite.py:99:32: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayerwrite.py:99:38: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayerwrite.py:100:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayerwrite.py:100:67: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayerwrite.py:105:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayerwrite.py:107:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayerwrite.py:108:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayerwrite.py:110:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayerwrite.py:112:5: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayerwrite.py:115:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayerwrite.py:129:44: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayerwrite.py:131:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayerwrite.py:133:1: E305 expected 2 blank lines after class or function definition, found 1
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayerwrite.py:143:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayerwrite.py:148:1: W391 blank line at end of file
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgnext.py:6:1: E303 too many blank lines (4)
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgnext.py:7:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgnext.py:8:1: F401 'sys' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgnext.py:10:1: F401 'os.path' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgnext.py:14:5: F401 '__builtin__ as builtin' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgnext.py:15:1: F401 'os.path.exists' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgnext.py:15:1: F401 'os.path.getmtime' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgnext.py:17:1: F401 'types' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgnext.py:21:1: F403 'from Cheetah.DummyTransaction import *' used; unable to detect undefined names
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgnext.py:22:1: F401 'Cheetah.NameMapper.NotFound' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgnext.py:23:1: F401 'Cheetah.CacheRegion.CacheRegion' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgnext.py:24:1: F401 'Cheetah.Filters' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgnext.py:25:1: F401 'Cheetah.ErrorCatchers' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgnext.py:28:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgnext.py:29:6: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgnext.py:30:5: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgnext.py:31:4: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgnext.py:32:12: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgnext.py:43:7: E121 continuation line under-indented for hanging indent
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgnext.py:44:70: E228 missing whitespace around modulo operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgnext.py:45:10: E121 continuation line under-indented for hanging indent
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgnext.py:48:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgnext.py:53:5: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgnext.py:56:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgnext.py:62:18: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgnext.py:63:35: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgnext.py:65:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgnext.py:67:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgnext.py:71:9: E303 too many blank lines (3)
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgnext.py:71:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgnext.py:73:37: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgnext.py:75:21: F405 'DummyTransaction' may be undefined, or defined from star imports: Cheetah.DummyTransaction
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgnext.py:77:13: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgnext.py:81:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgnext.py:83:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgnext.py:84:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgnext.py:87:34: W601 .has_key() is deprecated, use 'in'
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgnext.py:91:1: E101 indentation contains mixed spaces and tabs
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgnext.py:91:4: E126 continuation line over-indented for hanging indent
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgnext.py:95:30: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgnext.py:95:39: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgnext.py:95:46: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgnext.py:98:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgnext.py:98:32: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgnext.py:98:48: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgnext.py:98:59: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgnext.py:98:66: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgnext.py:99:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgnext.py:99:78: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgnext.py:102:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgnext.py:102:32: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgnext.py:102:48: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgnext.py:102:72: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgnext.py:102:79: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgnext.py:103:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgnext.py:103:91: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgnext.py:106:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgnext.py:106:32: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgnext.py:106:48: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgnext.py:106:69: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgnext.py:106:76: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgnext.py:107:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgnext.py:107:88: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgnext.py:110:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgnext.py:110:32: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgnext.py:110:48: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgnext.py:110:70: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgnext.py:110:77: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgnext.py:111:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgnext.py:111:89: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgnext.py:114:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgnext.py:114:32: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgnext.py:114:48: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgnext.py:114:62: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgnext.py:114:69: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgnext.py:115:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgnext.py:115:81: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgnext.py:118:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgnext.py:118:32: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgnext.py:118:48: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgnext.py:118:66: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgnext.py:118:73: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgnext.py:119:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgnext.py:119:85: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgnext.py:122:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgnext.py:122:32: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgnext.py:122:48: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgnext.py:122:65: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgnext.py:122:72: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgnext.py:123:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgnext.py:123:84: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgnext.py:126:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgnext.py:126:39: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgnext.py:126:45: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgnext.py:127:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgnext.py:127:74: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgnext.py:130:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgnext.py:130:40: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgnext.py:130:46: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgnext.py:131:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgnext.py:131:75: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgnext.py:134:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgnext.py:134:42: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgnext.py:134:48: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgnext.py:135:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgnext.py:135:77: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgnext.py:137:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgnext.py:137:40: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgnext.py:137:46: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgnext.py:138:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgnext.py:138:75: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgnext.py:145:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgnext.py:147:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgnext.py:148:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgnext.py:150:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgnext.py:152:5: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgnext.py:155:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgnext.py:169:35: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgnext.py:171:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgnext.py:173:1: E305 expected 2 blank lines after class or function definition, found 1
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgnext.py:183:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgnext.py:188:1: W391 blank line at end of file
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgsimilar.py:6:1: E303 too many blank lines (4)
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgsimilar.py:7:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgsimilar.py:8:1: F401 'sys' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgsimilar.py:10:1: F401 'os.path' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgsimilar.py:14:5: F401 '__builtin__ as builtin' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgsimilar.py:15:1: F401 'os.path.exists' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgsimilar.py:15:1: F401 'os.path.getmtime' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgsimilar.py:17:1: F401 'types' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgsimilar.py:21:1: F403 'from Cheetah.DummyTransaction import *' used; unable to detect undefined names
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgsimilar.py:22:1: F401 'Cheetah.NameMapper.NotFound' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgsimilar.py:23:1: F401 'Cheetah.CacheRegion.CacheRegion' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgsimilar.py:24:1: F401 'Cheetah.Filters' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgsimilar.py:25:1: F401 'Cheetah.ErrorCatchers' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgsimilar.py:28:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgsimilar.py:29:6: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgsimilar.py:30:5: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgsimilar.py:31:4: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgsimilar.py:32:12: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgsimilar.py:43:7: E121 continuation line under-indented for hanging indent
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgsimilar.py:44:70: E228 missing whitespace around modulo operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgsimilar.py:45:10: E121 continuation line under-indented for hanging indent
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgsimilar.py:48:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgsimilar.py:53:5: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgsimilar.py:56:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgsimilar.py:62:18: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgsimilar.py:63:35: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgsimilar.py:65:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgsimilar.py:67:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgsimilar.py:71:9: E303 too many blank lines (3)
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgsimilar.py:71:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgsimilar.py:73:37: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgsimilar.py:75:21: F405 'DummyTransaction' may be undefined, or defined from star imports: Cheetah.DummyTransaction
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgsimilar.py:77:13: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgsimilar.py:81:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgsimilar.py:83:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgsimilar.py:84:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgsimilar.py:87:34: W601 .has_key() is deprecated, use 'in'
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgsimilar.py:91:1: E101 indentation contains mixed spaces and tabs
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgsimilar.py:91:4: E126 continuation line over-indented for hanging indent
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgsimilar.py:95:30: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgsimilar.py:95:39: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgsimilar.py:95:46: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgsimilar.py:98:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgsimilar.py:98:32: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgsimilar.py:98:48: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgsimilar.py:98:59: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgsimilar.py:98:66: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgsimilar.py:99:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgsimilar.py:99:78: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgsimilar.py:102:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgsimilar.py:102:32: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgsimilar.py:102:48: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgsimilar.py:102:72: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgsimilar.py:102:79: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgsimilar.py:103:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgsimilar.py:103:91: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgsimilar.py:106:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgsimilar.py:106:32: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgsimilar.py:106:48: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgsimilar.py:106:69: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgsimilar.py:106:76: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgsimilar.py:107:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgsimilar.py:107:88: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgsimilar.py:110:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgsimilar.py:110:32: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgsimilar.py:110:48: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgsimilar.py:110:70: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgsimilar.py:110:77: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgsimilar.py:111:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgsimilar.py:111:89: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgsimilar.py:114:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgsimilar.py:114:32: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgsimilar.py:114:48: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgsimilar.py:114:62: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgsimilar.py:114:69: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgsimilar.py:115:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgsimilar.py:115:81: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgsimilar.py:118:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgsimilar.py:118:32: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgsimilar.py:118:48: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgsimilar.py:118:66: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgsimilar.py:118:73: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgsimilar.py:119:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgsimilar.py:119:85: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgsimilar.py:122:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgsimilar.py:122:32: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgsimilar.py:122:48: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgsimilar.py:122:65: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgsimilar.py:122:72: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgsimilar.py:123:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgsimilar.py:123:84: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgsimilar.py:126:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgsimilar.py:126:39: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgsimilar.py:126:45: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgsimilar.py:127:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgsimilar.py:127:74: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgsimilar.py:130:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgsimilar.py:130:40: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgsimilar.py:130:46: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgsimilar.py:131:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgsimilar.py:131:75: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgsimilar.py:134:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgsimilar.py:134:42: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgsimilar.py:134:48: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgsimilar.py:135:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgsimilar.py:135:77: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgsimilar.py:137:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgsimilar.py:137:40: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgsimilar.py:137:46: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgsimilar.py:138:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgsimilar.py:138:75: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgsimilar.py:145:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgsimilar.py:147:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgsimilar.py:148:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgsimilar.py:150:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgsimilar.py:152:5: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgsimilar.py:155:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgsimilar.py:169:38: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgsimilar.py:171:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgsimilar.py:173:1: E305 expected 2 blank lines after class or function definition, found 1
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgsimilar.py:183:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgsimilar.py:188:1: W391 blank line at end of file
plugin/controllers/views/web/timeradd.py:6:1: E303 too many blank lines (4)
plugin/controllers/views/web/timeradd.py:7:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/timeradd.py:8:1: F401 'sys' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/timeradd.py:10:1: F401 'os.path' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/timeradd.py:14:5: F401 '__builtin__ as builtin' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/timeradd.py:15:1: F401 'os.path.exists' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/timeradd.py:15:1: F401 'os.path.getmtime' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/timeradd.py:17:1: F401 'types' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/timeradd.py:21:1: F403 'from Cheetah.DummyTransaction import *' used; unable to detect undefined names
plugin/controllers/views/web/timeradd.py:22:1: F401 'Cheetah.NameMapper.NotFound' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/timeradd.py:23:1: F401 'Cheetah.CacheRegion.CacheRegion' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/timeradd.py:24:1: F401 'Cheetah.Filters' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/timeradd.py:25:1: F401 'Cheetah.ErrorCatchers' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/timeradd.py:28:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/timeradd.py:29:6: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/timeradd.py:30:5: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/timeradd.py:31:4: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/timeradd.py:32:12: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/timeradd.py:43:7: E121 continuation line under-indented for hanging indent
plugin/controllers/views/web/timeradd.py:44:70: E228 missing whitespace around modulo operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/timeradd.py:45:10: E121 continuation line under-indented for hanging indent
plugin/controllers/views/web/timeradd.py:48:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/timeradd.py:53:5: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/timeradd.py:56:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/web/timeradd.py:62:18: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/timeradd.py:63:35: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/timeradd.py:65:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/timeradd.py:67:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/web/timeradd.py:71:9: E303 too many blank lines (3)
plugin/controllers/views/web/timeradd.py:71:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/timeradd.py:73:37: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/timeradd.py:75:21: F405 'DummyTransaction' may be undefined, or defined from star imports: Cheetah.DummyTransaction
plugin/controllers/views/web/timeradd.py:77:13: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/timeradd.py:81:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/timeradd.py:83:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/timeradd.py:84:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/timeradd.py:87:34: W601 .has_key() is deprecated, use 'in'
plugin/controllers/views/web/timeradd.py:91:1: E101 indentation contains mixed spaces and tabs
plugin/controllers/views/web/timeradd.py:91:4: E126 continuation line over-indented for hanging indent
plugin/controllers/views/web/timeradd.py:95:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/timeradd.py:95:31: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/timeradd.py:95:37: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/timeradd.py:96:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/timeradd.py:96:66: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/timeradd.py:99:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/timeradd.py:99:32: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/timeradd.py:99:38: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/timeradd.py:100:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/timeradd.py:100:67: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/timeradd.py:105:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/timeradd.py:107:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/timeradd.py:108:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/timeradd.py:110:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/timeradd.py:112:5: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/timeradd.py:115:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/web/timeradd.py:129:36: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/timeradd.py:131:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/timeradd.py:133:1: E305 expected 2 blank lines after class or function definition, found 1
plugin/controllers/views/web/timeradd.py:143:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/timeradd.py:148:1: W391 blank line at end of file
plugin/controllers/views/web/message.py:6:1: E303 too many blank lines (4)
plugin/controllers/views/web/message.py:7:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/message.py:8:1: F401 'sys' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/message.py:10:1: F401 'os.path' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/message.py:14:5: F401 '__builtin__ as builtin' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/message.py:15:1: F401 'os.path.exists' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/message.py:15:1: F401 'os.path.getmtime' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/message.py:17:1: F401 'types' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/message.py:21:1: F403 'from Cheetah.DummyTransaction import *' used; unable to detect undefined names
plugin/controllers/views/web/message.py:22:1: F401 'Cheetah.NameMapper.NotFound' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/message.py:23:1: F401 'Cheetah.CacheRegion.CacheRegion' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/message.py:24:1: F401 'Cheetah.Filters' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/message.py:25:1: F401 'Cheetah.ErrorCatchers' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/message.py:28:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/message.py:29:6: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/message.py:30:5: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/message.py:31:4: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/message.py:32:12: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/message.py:43:7: E121 continuation line under-indented for hanging indent
plugin/controllers/views/web/message.py:44:70: E228 missing whitespace around modulo operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/message.py:45:10: E121 continuation line under-indented for hanging indent
plugin/controllers/views/web/message.py:48:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/message.py:53:5: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/message.py:56:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/web/message.py:62:18: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/message.py:63:35: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/message.py:65:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/message.py:67:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/web/message.py:71:9: E303 too many blank lines (3)
plugin/controllers/views/web/message.py:71:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/message.py:73:37: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/message.py:75:21: F405 'DummyTransaction' may be undefined, or defined from star imports: Cheetah.DummyTransaction
plugin/controllers/views/web/message.py:77:13: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/message.py:81:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/message.py:83:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/message.py:84:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/message.py:87:34: W601 .has_key() is deprecated, use 'in'
plugin/controllers/views/web/message.py:91:1: E101 indentation contains mixed spaces and tabs
plugin/controllers/views/web/message.py:91:4: E126 continuation line over-indented for hanging indent
plugin/controllers/views/web/message.py:95:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/message.py:95:31: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/message.py:95:37: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/message.py:96:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/message.py:96:66: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/message.py:99:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/message.py:99:32: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/message.py:99:38: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/message.py:100:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/message.py:100:67: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/message.py:105:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/message.py:107:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/message.py:108:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/message.py:110:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/message.py:112:5: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/message.py:115:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/web/message.py:129:35: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/message.py:131:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/message.py:133:1: E305 expected 2 blank lines after class or function definition, found 1
plugin/controllers/views/web/message.py:143:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/message.py:148:1: W391 blank line at end of file
plugin/controllers/views/web/recordnow.py:6:1: E303 too many blank lines (4)
plugin/controllers/views/web/recordnow.py:7:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/recordnow.py:8:1: F401 'sys' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/recordnow.py:10:1: F401 'os.path' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/recordnow.py:14:5: F401 '__builtin__ as builtin' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/recordnow.py:15:1: F401 'os.path.exists' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/recordnow.py:15:1: F401 'os.path.getmtime' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/recordnow.py:17:1: F401 'types' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/recordnow.py:21:1: F403 'from Cheetah.DummyTransaction import *' used; unable to detect undefined names
plugin/controllers/views/web/recordnow.py:22:1: F401 'Cheetah.NameMapper.NotFound' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/recordnow.py:23:1: F401 'Cheetah.CacheRegion.CacheRegion' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/recordnow.py:24:1: F401 'Cheetah.Filters' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/recordnow.py:25:1: F401 'Cheetah.ErrorCatchers' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/recordnow.py:28:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/recordnow.py:29:6: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/recordnow.py:30:5: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/recordnow.py:31:4: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/recordnow.py:32:12: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/recordnow.py:43:7: E121 continuation line under-indented for hanging indent
plugin/controllers/views/web/recordnow.py:44:70: E228 missing whitespace around modulo operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/recordnow.py:45:10: E121 continuation line under-indented for hanging indent
plugin/controllers/views/web/recordnow.py:48:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/recordnow.py:53:5: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/recordnow.py:56:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/web/recordnow.py:62:18: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/recordnow.py:63:35: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/recordnow.py:65:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/recordnow.py:67:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/web/recordnow.py:71:9: E303 too many blank lines (3)
plugin/controllers/views/web/recordnow.py:71:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/recordnow.py:73:37: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/recordnow.py:75:21: F405 'DummyTransaction' may be undefined, or defined from star imports: Cheetah.DummyTransaction
plugin/controllers/views/web/recordnow.py:77:13: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/recordnow.py:81:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/recordnow.py:83:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/recordnow.py:84:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/recordnow.py:87:34: W601 .has_key() is deprecated, use 'in'
plugin/controllers/views/web/recordnow.py:91:1: E101 indentation contains mixed spaces and tabs
plugin/controllers/views/web/recordnow.py:91:4: E126 continuation line over-indented for hanging indent
plugin/controllers/views/web/recordnow.py:95:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/recordnow.py:95:31: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/recordnow.py:95:37: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/recordnow.py:96:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/recordnow.py:96:66: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/recordnow.py:99:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/recordnow.py:99:32: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/recordnow.py:99:38: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/recordnow.py:100:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/recordnow.py:100:67: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/recordnow.py:105:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/recordnow.py:107:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/recordnow.py:108:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/recordnow.py:110:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/recordnow.py:112:5: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/recordnow.py:115:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/web/recordnow.py:129:37: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/recordnow.py:131:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/recordnow.py:133:1: E305 expected 2 blank lines after class or function definition, found 1
plugin/controllers/views/web/recordnow.py:143:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/recordnow.py:148:1: W391 blank line at end of file
plugin/controllers/views/web/getlocations.py:6:1: E303 too many blank lines (4)
plugin/controllers/views/web/getlocations.py:7:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/getlocations.py:8:1: F401 'sys' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/getlocations.py:10:1: F401 'os.path' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/getlocations.py:14:5: F401 '__builtin__ as builtin' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/getlocations.py:15:1: F401 'os.path.exists' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/getlocations.py:15:1: F401 'os.path.getmtime' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/getlocations.py:17:1: F401 'types' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/getlocations.py:21:1: F403 'from Cheetah.DummyTransaction import *' used; unable to detect undefined names
plugin/controllers/views/web/getlocations.py:22:1: F401 'Cheetah.NameMapper.NotFound' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/getlocations.py:23:1: F401 'Cheetah.CacheRegion.CacheRegion' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/getlocations.py:24:1: F401 'Cheetah.Filters' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/getlocations.py:25:1: F401 'Cheetah.ErrorCatchers' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/getlocations.py:28:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/getlocations.py:29:6: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/getlocations.py:30:5: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/getlocations.py:31:4: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/getlocations.py:32:12: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/getlocations.py:43:7: E121 continuation line under-indented for hanging indent
plugin/controllers/views/web/getlocations.py:44:70: E228 missing whitespace around modulo operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/getlocations.py:45:10: E121 continuation line under-indented for hanging indent
plugin/controllers/views/web/getlocations.py:48:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/getlocations.py:53:5: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/getlocations.py:56:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/web/getlocations.py:62:18: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/getlocations.py:63:35: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/getlocations.py:65:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/getlocations.py:67:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/web/getlocations.py:71:9: E303 too many blank lines (3)
plugin/controllers/views/web/getlocations.py:71:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/getlocations.py:73:37: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/getlocations.py:75:21: F405 'DummyTransaction' may be undefined, or defined from star imports: Cheetah.DummyTransaction
plugin/controllers/views/web/getlocations.py:77:13: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/getlocations.py:81:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/getlocations.py:83:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/getlocations.py:84:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/getlocations.py:87:34: W601 .has_key() is deprecated, use 'in'
plugin/controllers/views/web/getlocations.py:91:1: E101 indentation contains mixed spaces and tabs
plugin/controllers/views/web/getlocations.py:91:4: E126 continuation line over-indented for hanging indent
plugin/controllers/views/web/getlocations.py:95:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/getlocations.py:95:45: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/getlocations.py:95:52: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/getlocations.py:97:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/getlocations.py:97:37: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/getlocations.py:97:43: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/getlocations.py:98:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/getlocations.py:98:72: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/getlocations.py:104:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/getlocations.py:106:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/getlocations.py:107:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/getlocations.py:109:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/getlocations.py:111:5: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/getlocations.py:114:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/web/getlocations.py:128:40: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/getlocations.py:130:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/getlocations.py:132:1: E305 expected 2 blank lines after class or function definition, found 1
plugin/controllers/views/web/getlocations.py:142:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/getlocations.py:147:1: W391 blank line at end of file
plugin/controllers/views/web/servicelistreload.py:6:1: E303 too many blank lines (4)
plugin/controllers/views/web/servicelistreload.py:7:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/servicelistreload.py:8:1: F401 'sys' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/servicelistreload.py:10:1: F401 'os.path' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/servicelistreload.py:14:5: F401 '__builtin__ as builtin' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/servicelistreload.py:15:1: F401 'os.path.exists' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/servicelistreload.py:15:1: F401 'os.path.getmtime' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/servicelistreload.py:17:1: F401 'types' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/servicelistreload.py:21:1: F403 'from Cheetah.DummyTransaction import *' used; unable to detect undefined names
plugin/controllers/views/web/servicelistreload.py:22:1: F401 'Cheetah.NameMapper.NotFound' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/servicelistreload.py:23:1: F401 'Cheetah.CacheRegion.CacheRegion' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/servicelistreload.py:24:1: F401 'Cheetah.Filters' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/servicelistreload.py:25:1: F401 'Cheetah.ErrorCatchers' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/servicelistreload.py:28:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/servicelistreload.py:29:6: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/servicelistreload.py:30:5: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/servicelistreload.py:31:4: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/servicelistreload.py:32:12: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/servicelistreload.py:43:7: E121 continuation line under-indented for hanging indent
plugin/controllers/views/web/servicelistreload.py:44:70: E228 missing whitespace around modulo operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/servicelistreload.py:45:10: E121 continuation line under-indented for hanging indent
plugin/controllers/views/web/servicelistreload.py:48:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/servicelistreload.py:53:5: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/servicelistreload.py:56:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/web/servicelistreload.py:62:18: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/servicelistreload.py:63:35: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/servicelistreload.py:65:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/servicelistreload.py:67:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/web/servicelistreload.py:71:9: E303 too many blank lines (3)
plugin/controllers/views/web/servicelistreload.py:71:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/servicelistreload.py:73:37: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/servicelistreload.py:75:21: F405 'DummyTransaction' may be undefined, or defined from star imports: Cheetah.DummyTransaction
plugin/controllers/views/web/servicelistreload.py:77:13: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/servicelistreload.py:81:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/servicelistreload.py:83:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/servicelistreload.py:84:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/servicelistreload.py:87:34: W601 .has_key() is deprecated, use 'in'
plugin/controllers/views/web/servicelistreload.py:91:1: E101 indentation contains mixed spaces and tabs
plugin/controllers/views/web/servicelistreload.py:91:4: E126 continuation line over-indented for hanging indent
plugin/controllers/views/web/servicelistreload.py:95:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/servicelistreload.py:95:31: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/servicelistreload.py:95:37: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/servicelistreload.py:96:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/servicelistreload.py:96:66: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/servicelistreload.py:99:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/servicelistreload.py:99:32: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/servicelistreload.py:99:38: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/servicelistreload.py:100:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/servicelistreload.py:100:67: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/servicelistreload.py:105:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/servicelistreload.py:107:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/servicelistreload.py:108:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/servicelistreload.py:110:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/servicelistreload.py:112:5: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/servicelistreload.py:115:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/web/servicelistreload.py:129:45: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/servicelistreload.py:131:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/servicelistreload.py:133:1: E305 expected 2 blank lines after class or function definition, found 1
plugin/controllers/views/web/servicelistreload.py:143:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/servicelistreload.py:148:1: W391 blank line at end of file
plugin/controllers/views/web/timerlistwrite.py:6:1: E303 too many blank lines (4)
plugin/controllers/views/web/timerlistwrite.py:7:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/timerlistwrite.py:8:1: F401 'sys' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/timerlistwrite.py:10:1: F401 'os.path' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/timerlistwrite.py:14:5: F401 '__builtin__ as builtin' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/timerlistwrite.py:15:1: F401 'os.path.exists' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/timerlistwrite.py:15:1: F401 'os.path.getmtime' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/timerlistwrite.py:17:1: F401 'types' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/timerlistwrite.py:21:1: F403 'from Cheetah.DummyTransaction import *' used; unable to detect undefined names
plugin/controllers/views/web/timerlistwrite.py:22:1: F401 'Cheetah.NameMapper.NotFound' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/timerlistwrite.py:23:1: F401 'Cheetah.CacheRegion.CacheRegion' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/timerlistwrite.py:24:1: F401 'Cheetah.Filters' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/timerlistwrite.py:25:1: F401 'Cheetah.ErrorCatchers' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/timerlistwrite.py:28:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/timerlistwrite.py:29:6: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/timerlistwrite.py:30:5: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/timerlistwrite.py:31:4: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/timerlistwrite.py:32:12: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/timerlistwrite.py:43:7: E121 continuation line under-indented for hanging indent
plugin/controllers/views/web/timerlistwrite.py:44:70: E228 missing whitespace around modulo operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/timerlistwrite.py:45:10: E121 continuation line under-indented for hanging indent
plugin/controllers/views/web/timerlistwrite.py:48:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/timerlistwrite.py:53:5: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/timerlistwrite.py:56:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/web/timerlistwrite.py:62:18: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/timerlistwrite.py:63:35: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/timerlistwrite.py:65:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/timerlistwrite.py:67:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/web/timerlistwrite.py:71:9: E303 too many blank lines (3)
plugin/controllers/views/web/timerlistwrite.py:71:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/timerlistwrite.py:73:37: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/timerlistwrite.py:75:21: F405 'DummyTransaction' may be undefined, or defined from star imports: Cheetah.DummyTransaction
plugin/controllers/views/web/timerlistwrite.py:77:13: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/timerlistwrite.py:81:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/timerlistwrite.py:83:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/timerlistwrite.py:84:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/timerlistwrite.py:87:34: W601 .has_key() is deprecated, use 'in'
plugin/controllers/views/web/timerlistwrite.py:91:1: E101 indentation contains mixed spaces and tabs
plugin/controllers/views/web/timerlistwrite.py:91:4: E126 continuation line over-indented for hanging indent
plugin/controllers/views/web/timerlistwrite.py:95:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/timerlistwrite.py:95:31: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/timerlistwrite.py:95:37: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/timerlistwrite.py:96:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/timerlistwrite.py:96:66: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/timerlistwrite.py:99:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/timerlistwrite.py:99:32: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/timerlistwrite.py:99:38: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/timerlistwrite.py:100:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/timerlistwrite.py:100:67: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/timerlistwrite.py:105:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/timerlistwrite.py:107:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/timerlistwrite.py:108:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/timerlistwrite.py:110:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/timerlistwrite.py:112:5: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/timerlistwrite.py:115:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/web/timerlistwrite.py:129:42: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/timerlistwrite.py:131:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/timerlistwrite.py:133:1: E305 expected 2 blank lines after class or function definition, found 1
plugin/controllers/views/web/timerlistwrite.py:143:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/timerlistwrite.py:148:1: W391 blank line at end of file
plugin/controllers/views/web/servicelistplayable.py:6:1: E303 too many blank lines (4)
plugin/controllers/views/web/servicelistplayable.py:7:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/servicelistplayable.py:8:1: F401 'sys' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/servicelistplayable.py:10:1: F401 'os.path' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/servicelistplayable.py:14:5: F401 '__builtin__ as builtin' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/servicelistplayable.py:15:1: F401 'os.path.exists' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/servicelistplayable.py:15:1: F401 'os.path.getmtime' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/servicelistplayable.py:17:1: F401 'types' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/servicelistplayable.py:21:1: F403 'from Cheetah.DummyTransaction import *' used; unable to detect undefined names
plugin/controllers/views/web/servicelistplayable.py:22:1: F401 'Cheetah.NameMapper.NotFound' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/servicelistplayable.py:23:1: F401 'Cheetah.CacheRegion.CacheRegion' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/servicelistplayable.py:24:1: F401 'Cheetah.Filters' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/servicelistplayable.py:25:1: F401 'Cheetah.ErrorCatchers' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/servicelistplayable.py:28:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/servicelistplayable.py:29:6: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/servicelistplayable.py:30:5: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/servicelistplayable.py:31:4: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/servicelistplayable.py:32:12: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/servicelistplayable.py:43:7: E121 continuation line under-indented for hanging indent
plugin/controllers/views/web/servicelistplayable.py:44:70: E228 missing whitespace around modulo operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/servicelistplayable.py:45:10: E121 continuation line under-indented for hanging indent
plugin/controllers/views/web/servicelistplayable.py:48:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/servicelistplayable.py:53:5: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/servicelistplayable.py:56:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/web/servicelistplayable.py:62:18: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/servicelistplayable.py:63:35: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/servicelistplayable.py:65:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/servicelistplayable.py:67:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/web/servicelistplayable.py:71:9: E303 too many blank lines (3)
plugin/controllers/views/web/servicelistplayable.py:71:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/servicelistplayable.py:73:37: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/servicelistplayable.py:75:21: F405 'DummyTransaction' may be undefined, or defined from star imports: Cheetah.DummyTransaction
plugin/controllers/views/web/servicelistplayable.py:77:13: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/servicelistplayable.py:81:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/servicelistplayable.py:83:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/servicelistplayable.py:84:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/servicelistplayable.py:87:34: W601 .has_key() is deprecated, use 'in'
plugin/controllers/views/web/servicelistplayable.py:91:1: E101 indentation contains mixed spaces and tabs
plugin/controllers/views/web/servicelistplayable.py:91:4: E126 continuation line over-indented for hanging indent
plugin/controllers/views/web/servicelistplayable.py:95:32: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/servicelistplayable.py:95:43: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/servicelistplayable.py:95:50: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/servicelistplayable.py:98:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/servicelistplayable.py:98:53: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/servicelistplayable.py:98:59: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/servicelistplayable.py:99:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/servicelistplayable.py:99:88: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/servicelistplayable.py:102:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/servicelistplayable.py:102:32: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/servicelistplayable.py:102:48: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/servicelistplayable.py:102:69: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/servicelistplayable.py:102:76: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/servicelistplayable.py:103:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/servicelistplayable.py:103:88: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/servicelistplayable.py:110:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/servicelistplayable.py:112:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/servicelistplayable.py:113:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/servicelistplayable.py:115:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/servicelistplayable.py:117:5: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/servicelistplayable.py:120:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/web/servicelistplayable.py:134:47: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/servicelistplayable.py:136:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/servicelistplayable.py:138:1: E305 expected 2 blank lines after class or function definition, found 1
plugin/controllers/views/web/servicelistplayable.py:148:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/servicelistplayable.py:153:1: W391 blank line at end of file
plugin/controllers/views/web/messageanswer.py:6:1: E303 too many blank lines (4)
plugin/controllers/views/web/messageanswer.py:7:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/messageanswer.py:8:1: F401 'sys' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/messageanswer.py:10:1: F401 'os.path' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/messageanswer.py:14:5: F401 '__builtin__ as builtin' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/messageanswer.py:15:1: F401 'os.path.exists' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/messageanswer.py:15:1: F401 'os.path.getmtime' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/messageanswer.py:17:1: F401 'types' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/messageanswer.py:21:1: F403 'from Cheetah.DummyTransaction import *' used; unable to detect undefined names
plugin/controllers/views/web/messageanswer.py:22:1: F401 'Cheetah.NameMapper.NotFound' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/messageanswer.py:23:1: F401 'Cheetah.CacheRegion.CacheRegion' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/messageanswer.py:24:1: F401 'Cheetah.Filters' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/messageanswer.py:25:1: F401 'Cheetah.ErrorCatchers' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/messageanswer.py:28:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/messageanswer.py:29:6: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/messageanswer.py:30:5: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/messageanswer.py:31:4: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/messageanswer.py:32:12: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/messageanswer.py:43:7: E121 continuation line under-indented for hanging indent
plugin/controllers/views/web/messageanswer.py:44:70: E228 missing whitespace around modulo operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/messageanswer.py:45:10: E121 continuation line under-indented for hanging indent
plugin/controllers/views/web/messageanswer.py:48:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/messageanswer.py:53:5: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/messageanswer.py:56:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/web/messageanswer.py:62:18: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/messageanswer.py:63:35: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/messageanswer.py:65:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/messageanswer.py:67:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/web/messageanswer.py:71:9: E303 too many blank lines (3)
plugin/controllers/views/web/messageanswer.py:71:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/messageanswer.py:73:37: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/messageanswer.py:75:21: F405 'DummyTransaction' may be undefined, or defined from star imports: Cheetah.DummyTransaction
plugin/controllers/views/web/messageanswer.py:77:13: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/messageanswer.py:81:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/messageanswer.py:83:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/messageanswer.py:84:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/messageanswer.py:87:34: W601 .has_key() is deprecated, use 'in'
plugin/controllers/views/web/messageanswer.py:91:1: E101 indentation contains mixed spaces and tabs
plugin/controllers/views/web/messageanswer.py:91:4: E126 continuation line over-indented for hanging indent
plugin/controllers/views/web/messageanswer.py:95:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/messageanswer.py:95:31: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/messageanswer.py:95:37: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/messageanswer.py:96:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/messageanswer.py:96:66: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/messageanswer.py:99:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/messageanswer.py:99:32: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/messageanswer.py:99:38: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/messageanswer.py:100:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/messageanswer.py:100:67: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/messageanswer.py:105:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/messageanswer.py:107:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/messageanswer.py:108:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/messageanswer.py:110:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/messageanswer.py:112:5: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/messageanswer.py:115:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/web/messageanswer.py:129:41: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/messageanswer.py:131:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/messageanswer.py:133:1: E305 expected 2 blank lines after class or function definition, found 1
plugin/controllers/views/web/messageanswer.py:143:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/messageanswer.py:148:1: W391 blank line at end of file
plugin/controllers/views/web/addlocation.py:6:1: E303 too many blank lines (4)
plugin/controllers/views/web/addlocation.py:7:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/addlocation.py:8:1: F401 'sys' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/addlocation.py:10:1: F401 'os.path' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/addlocation.py:14:5: F401 '__builtin__ as builtin' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/addlocation.py:15:1: F401 'os.path.exists' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/addlocation.py:15:1: F401 'os.path.getmtime' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/addlocation.py:17:1: F401 'types' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/addlocation.py:21:1: F403 'from Cheetah.DummyTransaction import *' used; unable to detect undefined names
plugin/controllers/views/web/addlocation.py:22:1: F401 'Cheetah.NameMapper.NotFound' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/addlocation.py:23:1: F401 'Cheetah.CacheRegion.CacheRegion' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/addlocation.py:24:1: F401 'Cheetah.Filters' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/addlocation.py:25:1: F401 'Cheetah.ErrorCatchers' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/addlocation.py:28:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/addlocation.py:29:6: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/addlocation.py:30:5: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/addlocation.py:31:4: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/addlocation.py:32:12: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/addlocation.py:43:7: E121 continuation line under-indented for hanging indent
plugin/controllers/views/web/addlocation.py:44:70: E228 missing whitespace around modulo operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/addlocation.py:45:10: E121 continuation line under-indented for hanging indent
plugin/controllers/views/web/addlocation.py:48:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/addlocation.py:53:5: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/addlocation.py:56:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/web/addlocation.py:62:18: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/addlocation.py:63:35: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/addlocation.py:65:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/addlocation.py:67:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/web/addlocation.py:71:9: E303 too many blank lines (3)
plugin/controllers/views/web/addlocation.py:71:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/addlocation.py:73:37: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/addlocation.py:75:21: F405 'DummyTransaction' may be undefined, or defined from star imports: Cheetah.DummyTransaction
plugin/controllers/views/web/addlocation.py:77:13: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/addlocation.py:81:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/addlocation.py:83:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/addlocation.py:84:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/addlocation.py:87:34: W601 .has_key() is deprecated, use 'in'
plugin/controllers/views/web/addlocation.py:91:1: E101 indentation contains mixed spaces and tabs
plugin/controllers/views/web/addlocation.py:91:4: E126 continuation line over-indented for hanging indent
plugin/controllers/views/web/addlocation.py:95:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/addlocation.py:95:31: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/addlocation.py:95:37: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/addlocation.py:96:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/addlocation.py:96:66: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/addlocation.py:99:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/addlocation.py:99:32: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/addlocation.py:99:38: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/addlocation.py:100:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/addlocation.py:100:67: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/addlocation.py:105:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/addlocation.py:107:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/addlocation.py:108:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/addlocation.py:110:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/addlocation.py:112:5: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/addlocation.py:115:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/web/addlocation.py:129:39: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/addlocation.py:131:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/addlocation.py:133:1: E305 expected 2 blank lines after class or function definition, found 1
plugin/controllers/views/web/addlocation.py:143:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/addlocation.py:148:1: W391 blank line at end of file
plugin/controllers/views/web/getservices.py:6:1: E303 too many blank lines (4)
plugin/controllers/views/web/getservices.py:7:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/getservices.py:8:1: F401 'sys' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/getservices.py:10:1: F401 'os.path' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/getservices.py:14:5: F401 '__builtin__ as builtin' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/getservices.py:15:1: F401 'os.path.exists' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/getservices.py:15:1: F401 'os.path.getmtime' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/getservices.py:17:1: F401 'types' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/getservices.py:21:1: F403 'from Cheetah.DummyTransaction import *' used; unable to detect undefined names
plugin/controllers/views/web/getservices.py:22:1: F401 'Cheetah.NameMapper.NotFound' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/getservices.py:23:1: F401 'Cheetah.CacheRegion.CacheRegion' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/getservices.py:24:1: F401 'Cheetah.Filters' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/getservices.py:25:1: F401 'Cheetah.ErrorCatchers' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/getservices.py:28:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/getservices.py:29:6: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/getservices.py:30:5: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/getservices.py:31:4: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/getservices.py:32:12: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/getservices.py:43:7: E121 continuation line under-indented for hanging indent
plugin/controllers/views/web/getservices.py:44:70: E228 missing whitespace around modulo operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/getservices.py:45:10: E121 continuation line under-indented for hanging indent
plugin/controllers/views/web/getservices.py:48:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/getservices.py:53:5: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/getservices.py:56:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/web/getservices.py:62:18: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/getservices.py:63:35: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/getservices.py:65:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/getservices.py:67:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/web/getservices.py:71:9: E303 too many blank lines (3)
plugin/controllers/views/web/getservices.py:71:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/getservices.py:73:37: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/getservices.py:75:21: F405 'DummyTransaction' may be undefined, or defined from star imports: Cheetah.DummyTransaction
plugin/controllers/views/web/getservices.py:77:13: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/getservices.py:81:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/getservices.py:83:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/getservices.py:84:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/getservices.py:87:34: W601 .has_key() is deprecated, use 'in'
plugin/controllers/views/web/getservices.py:91:1: E101 indentation contains mixed spaces and tabs
plugin/controllers/views/web/getservices.py:91:4: E126 continuation line over-indented for hanging indent
plugin/controllers/views/web/getservices.py:95:32: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/getservices.py:95:43: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/getservices.py:95:50: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/getservices.py:98:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/getservices.py:98:53: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/getservices.py:98:59: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/getservices.py:99:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/getservices.py:99:88: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/getservices.py:102:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/getservices.py:102:48: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/getservices.py:102:54: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/getservices.py:103:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/getservices.py:103:83: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/getservices.py:110:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/getservices.py:112:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/getservices.py:113:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/getservices.py:115:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/getservices.py:117:5: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/getservices.py:120:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/web/getservices.py:134:39: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/getservices.py:136:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/getservices.py:138:1: E305 expected 2 blank lines after class or function definition, found 1
plugin/controllers/views/web/getservices.py:148:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/getservices.py:153:1: W391 blank line at end of file
plugin/controllers/views/web/movielistm3u.py:6:1: E303 too many blank lines (4)
plugin/controllers/views/web/movielistm3u.py:7:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/movielistm3u.py:8:1: F401 'sys' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/movielistm3u.py:10:1: F401 'os.path' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/movielistm3u.py:14:5: F401 '__builtin__ as builtin' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/movielistm3u.py:15:1: F401 'os.path.exists' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/movielistm3u.py:15:1: F401 'os.path.getmtime' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/movielistm3u.py:17:1: F401 'types' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/movielistm3u.py:21:1: F403 'from Cheetah.DummyTransaction import *' used; unable to detect undefined names
plugin/controllers/views/web/movielistm3u.py:22:1: F401 'Cheetah.NameMapper.NotFound' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/movielistm3u.py:23:1: F401 'Cheetah.CacheRegion.CacheRegion' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/movielistm3u.py:24:1: F401 'Cheetah.Filters' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/movielistm3u.py:25:1: F401 'Cheetah.ErrorCatchers' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/movielistm3u.py:26:1: F401 'six.moves.urllib.parse.quote' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/movielistm3u.py:29:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/movielistm3u.py:30:6: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/movielistm3u.py:31:5: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/movielistm3u.py:32:4: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/movielistm3u.py:33:12: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/movielistm3u.py:44:7: E121 continuation line under-indented for hanging indent
plugin/controllers/views/web/movielistm3u.py:45:70: E228 missing whitespace around modulo operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/movielistm3u.py:46:10: E121 continuation line under-indented for hanging indent
plugin/controllers/views/web/movielistm3u.py:49:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/movielistm3u.py:54:5: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/movielistm3u.py:57:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/web/movielistm3u.py:63:18: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/movielistm3u.py:64:35: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/movielistm3u.py:66:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/movielistm3u.py:68:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/web/movielistm3u.py:72:9: E303 too many blank lines (3)
plugin/controllers/views/web/movielistm3u.py:72:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/movielistm3u.py:74:37: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/movielistm3u.py:76:21: F405 'DummyTransaction' may be undefined, or defined from star imports: Cheetah.DummyTransaction
plugin/controllers/views/web/movielistm3u.py:78:13: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/movielistm3u.py:82:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/movielistm3u.py:84:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/movielistm3u.py:85:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/movielistm3u.py:89:30: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/movielistm3u.py:89:39: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/movielistm3u.py:89:46: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/movielistm3u.py:91:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/movielistm3u.py:91:52: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/movielistm3u.py:91:58: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/movielistm3u.py:92:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/movielistm3u.py:92:87: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/movielistm3u.py:95:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/movielistm3u.py:95:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/movielistm3u.py:95:39: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/movielistm3u.py:96:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/movielistm3u.py:96:68: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/movielistm3u.py:98:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/movielistm3u.py:98:34: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/movielistm3u.py:98:50: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/movielistm3u.py:98:67: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/movielistm3u.py:98:74: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/movielistm3u.py:99:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/movielistm3u.py:99:86: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/movielistm3u.py:102:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/movielistm3u.py:104:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/movielistm3u.py:105:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/movielistm3u.py:107:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/movielistm3u.py:109:5: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/movielistm3u.py:112:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/web/movielistm3u.py:126:40: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/movielistm3u.py:128:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/movielistm3u.py:130:1: E305 expected 2 blank lines after class or function definition, found 1
plugin/controllers/views/web/movielistm3u.py:140:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/movielistm3u.py:145:1: W391 blank line at end of file
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgnow.py:6:1: E303 too many blank lines (4)
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgnow.py:7:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgnow.py:8:1: F401 'sys' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgnow.py:10:1: F401 'os.path' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgnow.py:14:5: F401 '__builtin__ as builtin' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgnow.py:15:1: F401 'os.path.exists' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgnow.py:15:1: F401 'os.path.getmtime' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgnow.py:17:1: F401 'types' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgnow.py:21:1: F403 'from Cheetah.DummyTransaction import *' used; unable to detect undefined names
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgnow.py:22:1: F401 'Cheetah.NameMapper.NotFound' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgnow.py:23:1: F401 'Cheetah.CacheRegion.CacheRegion' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgnow.py:24:1: F401 'Cheetah.Filters' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgnow.py:25:1: F401 'Cheetah.ErrorCatchers' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgnow.py:28:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgnow.py:29:6: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgnow.py:30:5: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgnow.py:31:4: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgnow.py:32:12: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgnow.py:43:7: E121 continuation line under-indented for hanging indent
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgnow.py:44:70: E228 missing whitespace around modulo operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgnow.py:45:10: E121 continuation line under-indented for hanging indent
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgnow.py:48:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgnow.py:53:5: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgnow.py:56:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgnow.py:62:18: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgnow.py:63:35: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgnow.py:65:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgnow.py:67:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgnow.py:71:9: E303 too many blank lines (3)
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgnow.py:71:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgnow.py:73:37: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgnow.py:75:21: F405 'DummyTransaction' may be undefined, or defined from star imports: Cheetah.DummyTransaction
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgnow.py:77:13: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgnow.py:81:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgnow.py:83:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgnow.py:84:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgnow.py:87:34: W601 .has_key() is deprecated, use 'in'
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgnow.py:91:1: E101 indentation contains mixed spaces and tabs
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgnow.py:91:4: E126 continuation line over-indented for hanging indent
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgnow.py:95:30: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgnow.py:95:39: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgnow.py:95:46: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgnow.py:98:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgnow.py:98:32: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgnow.py:98:48: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgnow.py:98:59: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgnow.py:98:66: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgnow.py:99:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgnow.py:99:78: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgnow.py:102:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgnow.py:102:32: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgnow.py:102:48: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgnow.py:102:72: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgnow.py:102:79: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgnow.py:103:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgnow.py:103:91: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgnow.py:106:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgnow.py:106:32: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgnow.py:106:48: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgnow.py:106:69: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgnow.py:106:76: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgnow.py:107:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgnow.py:107:88: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgnow.py:110:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgnow.py:110:32: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgnow.py:110:48: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgnow.py:110:70: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgnow.py:110:77: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgnow.py:111:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgnow.py:111:89: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgnow.py:114:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgnow.py:114:32: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgnow.py:114:48: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgnow.py:114:62: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgnow.py:114:69: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgnow.py:115:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgnow.py:115:81: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgnow.py:118:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgnow.py:118:32: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgnow.py:118:48: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgnow.py:118:66: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgnow.py:118:73: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgnow.py:119:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgnow.py:119:85: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgnow.py:122:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgnow.py:122:32: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgnow.py:122:48: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgnow.py:122:65: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgnow.py:122:72: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgnow.py:123:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgnow.py:123:84: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgnow.py:126:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgnow.py:126:39: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgnow.py:126:45: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgnow.py:127:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgnow.py:127:74: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgnow.py:130:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgnow.py:130:40: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgnow.py:130:46: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgnow.py:131:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgnow.py:131:75: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgnow.py:134:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgnow.py:134:42: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgnow.py:134:48: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgnow.py:135:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgnow.py:135:77: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgnow.py:137:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgnow.py:137:40: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgnow.py:137:46: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgnow.py:138:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgnow.py:138:75: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgnow.py:145:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgnow.py:147:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgnow.py:148:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgnow.py:150:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgnow.py:152:5: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgnow.py:155:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgnow.py:169:34: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgnow.py:171:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgnow.py:173:1: E305 expected 2 blank lines after class or function definition, found 1
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgnow.py:183:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgnow.py:188:1: W391 blank line at end of file
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayerremove.py:6:1: E303 too many blank lines (4)
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayerremove.py:7:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayerremove.py:8:1: F401 'sys' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayerremove.py:10:1: F401 'os.path' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayerremove.py:14:5: F401 '__builtin__ as builtin' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayerremove.py:15:1: F401 'os.path.exists' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayerremove.py:15:1: F401 'os.path.getmtime' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayerremove.py:17:1: F401 'types' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayerremove.py:21:1: F403 'from Cheetah.DummyTransaction import *' used; unable to detect undefined names
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayerremove.py:22:1: F401 'Cheetah.NameMapper.NotFound' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayerremove.py:23:1: F401 'Cheetah.CacheRegion.CacheRegion' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayerremove.py:24:1: F401 'Cheetah.Filters' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayerremove.py:25:1: F401 'Cheetah.ErrorCatchers' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayerremove.py:28:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayerremove.py:29:6: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayerremove.py:30:5: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayerremove.py:31:4: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayerremove.py:32:12: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayerremove.py:43:7: E121 continuation line under-indented for hanging indent
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayerremove.py:44:70: E228 missing whitespace around modulo operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayerremove.py:45:10: E121 continuation line under-indented for hanging indent
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayerremove.py:48:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayerremove.py:53:5: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayerremove.py:56:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayerremove.py:62:18: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayerremove.py:63:35: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayerremove.py:65:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayerremove.py:67:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayerremove.py:71:9: E303 too many blank lines (3)
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayerremove.py:71:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayerremove.py:73:37: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayerremove.py:75:21: F405 'DummyTransaction' may be undefined, or defined from star imports: Cheetah.DummyTransaction
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayerremove.py:77:13: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayerremove.py:81:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayerremove.py:83:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayerremove.py:84:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayerremove.py:87:34: W601 .has_key() is deprecated, use 'in'
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayerremove.py:91:1: E101 indentation contains mixed spaces and tabs
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayerremove.py:91:4: E126 continuation line over-indented for hanging indent
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayerremove.py:95:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayerremove.py:95:31: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayerremove.py:95:37: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayerremove.py:96:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayerremove.py:96:66: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayerremove.py:99:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayerremove.py:99:32: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayerremove.py:99:38: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayerremove.py:100:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayerremove.py:100:67: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayerremove.py:105:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayerremove.py:107:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayerremove.py:108:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayerremove.py:110:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayerremove.py:112:5: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayerremove.py:115:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayerremove.py:129:45: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayerremove.py:131:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayerremove.py:133:1: E305 expected 2 blank lines after class or function definition, found 1
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayerremove.py:143:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayerremove.py:148:1: W391 blank line at end of file
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayercmd.py:6:1: E303 too many blank lines (4)
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayercmd.py:7:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayercmd.py:8:1: F401 'sys' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayercmd.py:10:1: F401 'os.path' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayercmd.py:14:5: F401 '__builtin__ as builtin' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayercmd.py:15:1: F401 'os.path.exists' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayercmd.py:15:1: F401 'os.path.getmtime' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayercmd.py:17:1: F401 'types' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayercmd.py:21:1: F403 'from Cheetah.DummyTransaction import *' used; unable to detect undefined names
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayercmd.py:22:1: F401 'Cheetah.NameMapper.NotFound' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayercmd.py:23:1: F401 'Cheetah.CacheRegion.CacheRegion' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayercmd.py:24:1: F401 'Cheetah.Filters' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayercmd.py:25:1: F401 'Cheetah.ErrorCatchers' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayercmd.py:28:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayercmd.py:29:6: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayercmd.py:30:5: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayercmd.py:31:4: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayercmd.py:32:12: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayercmd.py:43:7: E121 continuation line under-indented for hanging indent
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayercmd.py:44:70: E228 missing whitespace around modulo operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayercmd.py:45:10: E121 continuation line under-indented for hanging indent
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayercmd.py:48:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayercmd.py:53:5: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayercmd.py:56:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayercmd.py:62:18: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayercmd.py:63:35: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayercmd.py:65:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayercmd.py:67:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayercmd.py:71:9: E303 too many blank lines (3)
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayercmd.py:71:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayercmd.py:73:37: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayercmd.py:75:21: F405 'DummyTransaction' may be undefined, or defined from star imports: Cheetah.DummyTransaction
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayercmd.py:77:13: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayercmd.py:81:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayercmd.py:83:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayercmd.py:84:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayercmd.py:87:34: W601 .has_key() is deprecated, use 'in'
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayercmd.py:91:1: E101 indentation contains mixed spaces and tabs
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayercmd.py:91:4: E126 continuation line over-indented for hanging indent
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayercmd.py:95:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayercmd.py:95:31: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayercmd.py:95:37: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayercmd.py:96:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayercmd.py:96:66: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayercmd.py:99:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayercmd.py:99:32: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayercmd.py:99:38: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayercmd.py:100:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayercmd.py:100:67: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayercmd.py:105:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayercmd.py:107:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayercmd.py:108:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayercmd.py:110:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayercmd.py:112:5: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayercmd.py:115:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayercmd.py:129:42: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayercmd.py:131:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayercmd.py:133:1: E305 expected 2 blank lines after class or function definition, found 1
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayercmd.py:143:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayercmd.py:148:1: W391 blank line at end of file
plugin/controllers/views/web/getallservices.py:6:1: E303 too many blank lines (4)
plugin/controllers/views/web/getallservices.py:7:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/getallservices.py:8:1: F401 'sys' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/getallservices.py:10:1: F401 'os.path' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/getallservices.py:14:5: F401 '__builtin__ as builtin' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/getallservices.py:15:1: F401 'os.path.exists' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/getallservices.py:15:1: F401 'os.path.getmtime' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/getallservices.py:17:1: F401 'types' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/getallservices.py:21:1: F403 'from Cheetah.DummyTransaction import *' used; unable to detect undefined names
plugin/controllers/views/web/getallservices.py:22:1: F401 'Cheetah.NameMapper.NotFound' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/getallservices.py:23:1: F401 'Cheetah.CacheRegion.CacheRegion' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/getallservices.py:24:1: F401 'Cheetah.Filters' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/getallservices.py:25:1: F401 'Cheetah.ErrorCatchers' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/getallservices.py:28:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/getallservices.py:29:6: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/getallservices.py:30:5: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/getallservices.py:31:4: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/getallservices.py:32:12: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/getallservices.py:43:7: E121 continuation line under-indented for hanging indent
plugin/controllers/views/web/getallservices.py:44:70: E228 missing whitespace around modulo operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/getallservices.py:45:10: E121 continuation line under-indented for hanging indent
plugin/controllers/views/web/getallservices.py:48:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/getallservices.py:53:5: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/getallservices.py:56:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/web/getallservices.py:62:18: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/getallservices.py:63:35: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/getallservices.py:65:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/getallservices.py:67:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/web/getallservices.py:71:9: E303 too many blank lines (3)
plugin/controllers/views/web/getallservices.py:71:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/getallservices.py:73:37: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/getallservices.py:75:21: F405 'DummyTransaction' may be undefined, or defined from star imports: Cheetah.DummyTransaction
plugin/controllers/views/web/getallservices.py:77:13: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/getallservices.py:81:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/getallservices.py:83:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/getallservices.py:84:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/getallservices.py:87:34: W601 .has_key() is deprecated, use 'in'
plugin/controllers/views/web/getallservices.py:91:1: E101 indentation contains mixed spaces and tabs
plugin/controllers/views/web/getallservices.py:91:4: E126 continuation line over-indented for hanging indent
plugin/controllers/views/web/getallservices.py:95:32: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/getallservices.py:95:43: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/getallservices.py:95:50: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/getallservices.py:96:24: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/getallservices.py:96:30: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/getallservices.py:96:46: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/getallservices.py:96:68: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/getallservices.py:96:80: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/getallservices.py:99:30: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/getallservices.py:99:57: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/getallservices.py:99:63: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/getallservices.py:100:34: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/getallservices.py:100:92: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/getallservices.py:103:30: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/getallservices.py:103:52: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/getallservices.py:103:58: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/getallservices.py:104:34: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/getallservices.py:104:87: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/getallservices.py:108:41: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/getallservices.py:108:63: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/getallservices.py:108:70: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/getallservices.py:111:34: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/getallservices.py:111:62: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/getallservices.py:111:68: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/getallservices.py:112:38: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/getallservices.py:112:97: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/getallservices.py:115:34: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/getallservices.py:115:57: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/getallservices.py:115:63: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/getallservices.py:116:38: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/getallservices.py:116:92: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/getallservices.py:123:18: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/getallservices.py:126:30: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/getallservices.py:126:57: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/getallservices.py:126:63: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/getallservices.py:127:34: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/getallservices.py:127:92: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/getallservices.py:130:30: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/getallservices.py:130:52: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/getallservices.py:130:58: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/getallservices.py:131:34: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/getallservices.py:131:87: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/getallservices.py:138:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/getallservices.py:140:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/getallservices.py:141:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/getallservices.py:143:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/getallservices.py:145:5: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/getallservices.py:148:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/web/getallservices.py:162:42: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/getallservices.py:164:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/getallservices.py:166:1: E305 expected 2 blank lines after class or function definition, found 1
plugin/controllers/views/web/getallservices.py:176:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/getallservices.py:181:1: W391 blank line at end of file
plugin/controllers/views/web/sleeptimer.py:6:1: E303 too many blank lines (4)
plugin/controllers/views/web/sleeptimer.py:7:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/sleeptimer.py:8:1: F401 'sys' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/sleeptimer.py:10:1: F401 'os.path' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/sleeptimer.py:14:5: F401 '__builtin__ as builtin' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/sleeptimer.py:15:1: F401 'os.path.exists' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/sleeptimer.py:15:1: F401 'os.path.getmtime' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/sleeptimer.py:17:1: F401 'types' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/sleeptimer.py:21:1: F403 'from Cheetah.DummyTransaction import *' used; unable to detect undefined names
plugin/controllers/views/web/sleeptimer.py:22:1: F401 'Cheetah.NameMapper.NotFound' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/sleeptimer.py:23:1: F401 'Cheetah.CacheRegion.CacheRegion' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/sleeptimer.py:24:1: F401 'Cheetah.Filters' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/sleeptimer.py:25:1: F401 'Cheetah.ErrorCatchers' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/sleeptimer.py:28:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/sleeptimer.py:29:6: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/sleeptimer.py:30:5: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/sleeptimer.py:31:4: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/sleeptimer.py:32:12: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/sleeptimer.py:43:7: E121 continuation line under-indented for hanging indent
plugin/controllers/views/web/sleeptimer.py:44:70: E228 missing whitespace around modulo operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/sleeptimer.py:45:10: E121 continuation line under-indented for hanging indent
plugin/controllers/views/web/sleeptimer.py:48:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/sleeptimer.py:53:5: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/sleeptimer.py:56:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/web/sleeptimer.py:62:18: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/sleeptimer.py:63:35: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/sleeptimer.py:65:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/sleeptimer.py:67:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/web/sleeptimer.py:71:9: E303 too many blank lines (3)
plugin/controllers/views/web/sleeptimer.py:71:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/sleeptimer.py:73:37: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/sleeptimer.py:75:21: F405 'DummyTransaction' may be undefined, or defined from star imports: Cheetah.DummyTransaction
plugin/controllers/views/web/sleeptimer.py:77:13: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/sleeptimer.py:81:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/sleeptimer.py:83:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/sleeptimer.py:84:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/sleeptimer.py:87:34: W601 .has_key() is deprecated, use 'in'
plugin/controllers/views/web/sleeptimer.py:91:1: E101 indentation contains mixed spaces and tabs
plugin/controllers/views/web/sleeptimer.py:91:4: E126 continuation line over-indented for hanging indent
plugin/controllers/views/web/sleeptimer.py:95:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/sleeptimer.py:95:32: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/sleeptimer.py:95:38: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/sleeptimer.py:96:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/sleeptimer.py:96:67: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/sleeptimer.py:99:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/sleeptimer.py:99:32: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/sleeptimer.py:99:38: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/sleeptimer.py:100:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/sleeptimer.py:100:67: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/sleeptimer.py:103:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/sleeptimer.py:103:31: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/sleeptimer.py:103:37: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/sleeptimer.py:104:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/sleeptimer.py:104:66: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/sleeptimer.py:107:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/sleeptimer.py:107:32: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/sleeptimer.py:107:38: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/sleeptimer.py:108:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/sleeptimer.py:108:67: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/sleeptimer.py:113:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/sleeptimer.py:115:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/sleeptimer.py:116:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/sleeptimer.py:118:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/sleeptimer.py:120:5: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/sleeptimer.py:123:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/web/sleeptimer.py:137:38: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/sleeptimer.py:139:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/sleeptimer.py:141:1: E305 expected 2 blank lines after class or function definition, found 1
plugin/controllers/views/web/sleeptimer.py:151:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/sleeptimer.py:156:1: W391 blank line at end of file
plugin/controllers/views/web/saveepg.py:6:1: E303 too many blank lines (4)
plugin/controllers/views/web/saveepg.py:7:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/saveepg.py:8:1: F401 'sys' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/saveepg.py:10:1: F401 'os.path' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/saveepg.py:14:5: F401 '__builtin__ as builtin' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/saveepg.py:15:1: F401 'os.path.exists' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/saveepg.py:15:1: F401 'os.path.getmtime' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/saveepg.py:17:1: F401 'types' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/saveepg.py:21:1: F403 'from Cheetah.DummyTransaction import *' used; unable to detect undefined names
plugin/controllers/views/web/saveepg.py:22:1: F401 'Cheetah.NameMapper.NotFound' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/saveepg.py:23:1: F401 'Cheetah.CacheRegion.CacheRegion' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/saveepg.py:24:1: F401 'Cheetah.Filters' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/saveepg.py:25:1: F401 'Cheetah.ErrorCatchers' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/saveepg.py:28:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/saveepg.py:29:6: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/saveepg.py:30:5: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/saveepg.py:31:4: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/saveepg.py:32:12: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/saveepg.py:43:7: E121 continuation line under-indented for hanging indent
plugin/controllers/views/web/saveepg.py:44:70: E228 missing whitespace around modulo operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/saveepg.py:45:10: E121 continuation line under-indented for hanging indent
plugin/controllers/views/web/saveepg.py:48:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/saveepg.py:53:5: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/saveepg.py:56:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/web/saveepg.py:62:18: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/saveepg.py:63:35: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/saveepg.py:65:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/saveepg.py:67:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/web/saveepg.py:71:9: E303 too many blank lines (3)
plugin/controllers/views/web/saveepg.py:71:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/saveepg.py:73:37: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/saveepg.py:75:21: F405 'DummyTransaction' may be undefined, or defined from star imports: Cheetah.DummyTransaction
plugin/controllers/views/web/saveepg.py:77:13: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/saveepg.py:81:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/saveepg.py:83:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/saveepg.py:84:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/saveepg.py:87:34: W601 .has_key() is deprecated, use 'in'
plugin/controllers/views/web/saveepg.py:91:1: E101 indentation contains mixed spaces and tabs
plugin/controllers/views/web/saveepg.py:91:4: E126 continuation line over-indented for hanging indent
plugin/controllers/views/web/saveepg.py:95:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/saveepg.py:95:31: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/saveepg.py:95:37: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/saveepg.py:96:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/saveepg.py:96:66: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/saveepg.py:99:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/saveepg.py:99:32: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/saveepg.py:99:38: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/saveepg.py:100:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/saveepg.py:100:67: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/saveepg.py:105:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/saveepg.py:107:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/saveepg.py:108:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/saveepg.py:110:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/saveepg.py:112:5: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/saveepg.py:115:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/web/saveepg.py:129:35: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/saveepg.py:131:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/saveepg.py:133:1: E305 expected 2 blank lines after class or function definition, found 1
plugin/controllers/views/web/saveepg.py:143:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/saveepg.py:148:1: W391 blank line at end of file
plugin/controllers/views/web/tvbrowser.py:6:1: E303 too many blank lines (4)
plugin/controllers/views/web/tvbrowser.py:7:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/tvbrowser.py:8:1: F401 'sys' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/tvbrowser.py:10:1: F401 'os.path' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/tvbrowser.py:14:5: F401 '__builtin__ as builtin' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/tvbrowser.py:15:1: F401 'os.path.exists' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/tvbrowser.py:15:1: F401 'os.path.getmtime' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/tvbrowser.py:17:1: F401 'types' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/tvbrowser.py:21:1: F403 'from Cheetah.DummyTransaction import *' used; unable to detect undefined names
plugin/controllers/views/web/tvbrowser.py:22:1: F401 'Cheetah.NameMapper.NotFound' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/tvbrowser.py:23:1: F401 'Cheetah.CacheRegion.CacheRegion' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/tvbrowser.py:24:1: F401 'Cheetah.Filters' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/tvbrowser.py:25:1: F401 'Cheetah.ErrorCatchers' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/tvbrowser.py:28:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/tvbrowser.py:29:6: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/tvbrowser.py:30:5: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/tvbrowser.py:31:4: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/tvbrowser.py:32:12: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/tvbrowser.py:43:7: E121 continuation line under-indented for hanging indent
plugin/controllers/views/web/tvbrowser.py:44:70: E228 missing whitespace around modulo operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/tvbrowser.py:45:10: E121 continuation line under-indented for hanging indent
plugin/controllers/views/web/tvbrowser.py:48:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/tvbrowser.py:53:5: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/tvbrowser.py:56:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/web/tvbrowser.py:62:18: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/tvbrowser.py:63:35: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/tvbrowser.py:65:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/tvbrowser.py:67:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/web/tvbrowser.py:71:9: E303 too many blank lines (3)
plugin/controllers/views/web/tvbrowser.py:71:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/tvbrowser.py:73:37: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/tvbrowser.py:75:21: F405 'DummyTransaction' may be undefined, or defined from star imports: Cheetah.DummyTransaction
plugin/controllers/views/web/tvbrowser.py:77:13: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/tvbrowser.py:81:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/tvbrowser.py:83:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/tvbrowser.py:84:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/tvbrowser.py:87:34: W601 .has_key() is deprecated, use 'in'
plugin/controllers/views/web/tvbrowser.py:91:1: E101 indentation contains mixed spaces and tabs
plugin/controllers/views/web/tvbrowser.py:91:4: E126 continuation line over-indented for hanging indent
plugin/controllers/views/web/tvbrowser.py:95:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/tvbrowser.py:95:31: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/tvbrowser.py:95:37: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/tvbrowser.py:96:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/tvbrowser.py:96:66: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/tvbrowser.py:99:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/tvbrowser.py:99:32: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/tvbrowser.py:99:38: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/tvbrowser.py:100:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/tvbrowser.py:100:67: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/tvbrowser.py:105:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/tvbrowser.py:107:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/tvbrowser.py:108:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/tvbrowser.py:110:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/tvbrowser.py:112:5: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/tvbrowser.py:115:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/web/tvbrowser.py:129:37: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/tvbrowser.py:131:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/tvbrowser.py:133:1: E305 expected 2 blank lines after class or function definition, found 1
plugin/controllers/views/web/tvbrowser.py:143:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/tvbrowser.py:148:1: W391 blank line at end of file
plugin/controllers/views/web/deviceinfo.py:6:1: E303 too many blank lines (4)
plugin/controllers/views/web/deviceinfo.py:7:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/deviceinfo.py:8:1: F401 'sys' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/deviceinfo.py:10:1: F401 'os.path' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/deviceinfo.py:14:5: F401 '__builtin__ as builtin' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/deviceinfo.py:15:1: F401 'os.path.exists' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/deviceinfo.py:15:1: F401 'os.path.getmtime' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/deviceinfo.py:17:1: F401 'types' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/deviceinfo.py:21:1: F403 'from Cheetah.DummyTransaction import *' used; unable to detect undefined names
plugin/controllers/views/web/deviceinfo.py:22:1: F401 'Cheetah.NameMapper.NotFound' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/deviceinfo.py:23:1: F401 'Cheetah.CacheRegion.CacheRegion' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/deviceinfo.py:24:1: F401 'Cheetah.Filters' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/deviceinfo.py:25:1: F401 'Cheetah.ErrorCatchers' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/deviceinfo.py:28:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/deviceinfo.py:29:6: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/deviceinfo.py:30:5: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/deviceinfo.py:31:4: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/deviceinfo.py:32:12: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/deviceinfo.py:43:7: E121 continuation line under-indented for hanging indent
plugin/controllers/views/web/deviceinfo.py:44:70: E228 missing whitespace around modulo operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/deviceinfo.py:45:10: E121 continuation line under-indented for hanging indent
plugin/controllers/views/web/deviceinfo.py:48:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/deviceinfo.py:53:5: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/deviceinfo.py:56:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/web/deviceinfo.py:62:18: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/deviceinfo.py:63:35: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/deviceinfo.py:65:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/deviceinfo.py:67:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/web/deviceinfo.py:71:9: E303 too many blank lines (3)
plugin/controllers/views/web/deviceinfo.py:71:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/deviceinfo.py:73:37: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/deviceinfo.py:75:21: F405 'DummyTransaction' may be undefined, or defined from star imports: Cheetah.DummyTransaction
plugin/controllers/views/web/deviceinfo.py:77:13: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/deviceinfo.py:81:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/deviceinfo.py:83:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/deviceinfo.py:84:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/deviceinfo.py:87:34: W601 .has_key() is deprecated, use 'in'
plugin/controllers/views/web/deviceinfo.py:91:1: E101 indentation contains mixed spaces and tabs
plugin/controllers/views/web/deviceinfo.py:91:4: E126 continuation line over-indented for hanging indent
plugin/controllers/views/web/deviceinfo.py:95:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/deviceinfo.py:95:30: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/deviceinfo.py:95:36: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/deviceinfo.py:96:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/deviceinfo.py:96:65: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/deviceinfo.py:99:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/deviceinfo.py:99:34: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/deviceinfo.py:99:40: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/deviceinfo.py:100:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/deviceinfo.py:100:69: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/deviceinfo.py:103:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/deviceinfo.py:103:36: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/deviceinfo.py:103:42: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/deviceinfo.py:104:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/deviceinfo.py:104:71: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/deviceinfo.py:107:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/deviceinfo.py:107:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/deviceinfo.py:107:39: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/deviceinfo.py:108:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/deviceinfo.py:108:68: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/deviceinfo.py:111:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/deviceinfo.py:111:35: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/deviceinfo.py:111:41: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/deviceinfo.py:112:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/deviceinfo.py:112:70: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/deviceinfo.py:115:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/deviceinfo.py:115:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/deviceinfo.py:115:39: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/deviceinfo.py:116:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/deviceinfo.py:116:68: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/deviceinfo.py:119:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/deviceinfo.py:119:28: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/deviceinfo.py:119:44: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/deviceinfo.py:119:57: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/deviceinfo.py:119:64: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/deviceinfo.py:120:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/deviceinfo.py:120:76: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/deviceinfo.py:123:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/deviceinfo.py:123:30: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/deviceinfo.py:123:36: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/deviceinfo.py:124:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/deviceinfo.py:124:65: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/deviceinfo.py:128:30: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/deviceinfo.py:128:39: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/deviceinfo.py:128:46: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/deviceinfo.py:131:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/deviceinfo.py:131:39: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/deviceinfo.py:131:45: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/deviceinfo.py:132:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/deviceinfo.py:132:74: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/deviceinfo.py:135:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/deviceinfo.py:135:39: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/deviceinfo.py:135:45: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/deviceinfo.py:136:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/deviceinfo.py:136:74: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/deviceinfo.py:143:30: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/deviceinfo.py:143:39: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/deviceinfo.py:143:46: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/deviceinfo.py:146:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/deviceinfo.py:146:39: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/deviceinfo.py:146:45: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/deviceinfo.py:147:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/deviceinfo.py:147:74: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/deviceinfo.py:150:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/deviceinfo.py:150:38: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/deviceinfo.py:150:44: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/deviceinfo.py:151:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/deviceinfo.py:151:73: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/deviceinfo.py:154:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/deviceinfo.py:154:39: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/deviceinfo.py:154:45: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/deviceinfo.py:155:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/deviceinfo.py:155:74: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/deviceinfo.py:158:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/deviceinfo.py:158:37: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/deviceinfo.py:158:43: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/deviceinfo.py:159:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/deviceinfo.py:159:72: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/deviceinfo.py:162:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/deviceinfo.py:162:37: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/deviceinfo.py:162:43: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/deviceinfo.py:163:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/deviceinfo.py:163:72: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/deviceinfo.py:166:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/deviceinfo.py:166:39: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/deviceinfo.py:166:45: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/deviceinfo.py:167:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/deviceinfo.py:167:74: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/deviceinfo.py:174:27: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/deviceinfo.py:174:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/deviceinfo.py:174:40: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/deviceinfo.py:177:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/deviceinfo.py:177:37: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/deviceinfo.py:177:43: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/deviceinfo.py:178:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/deviceinfo.py:178:72: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/deviceinfo.py:181:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/deviceinfo.py:181:40: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/deviceinfo.py:181:46: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/deviceinfo.py:182:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/deviceinfo.py:182:75: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/deviceinfo.py:185:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/deviceinfo.py:185:36: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/deviceinfo.py:185:42: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/deviceinfo.py:186:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/deviceinfo.py:186:71: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/deviceinfo.py:189:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/deviceinfo.py:189:37: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/deviceinfo.py:189:43: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/deviceinfo.py:190:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/deviceinfo.py:190:72: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/deviceinfo.py:198:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/deviceinfo.py:200:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/deviceinfo.py:201:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/deviceinfo.py:203:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/deviceinfo.py:205:5: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/deviceinfo.py:208:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/web/deviceinfo.py:222:38: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/deviceinfo.py:224:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/deviceinfo.py:226:1: E305 expected 2 blank lines after class or function definition, found 1
plugin/controllers/views/web/deviceinfo.py:236:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/deviceinfo.py:241:1: W391 blank line at end of file
plugin/controllers/views/web/css.py:6:1: E303 too many blank lines (4)
plugin/controllers/views/web/css.py:7:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/css.py:8:1: F401 'sys' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/css.py:10:1: F401 'os.path' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/css.py:14:5: F401 '__builtin__ as builtin' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/css.py:15:1: F401 'os.path.exists' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/css.py:15:1: F401 'os.path.getmtime' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/css.py:17:1: F401 'types' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/css.py:21:1: F403 'from Cheetah.DummyTransaction import *' used; unable to detect undefined names
plugin/controllers/views/web/css.py:22:1: F401 'Cheetah.NameMapper.NotFound' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/css.py:23:1: F401 'Cheetah.CacheRegion.CacheRegion' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/css.py:24:1: F401 'Cheetah.Filters' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/css.py:25:1: F401 'Cheetah.ErrorCatchers' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/css.py:28:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/css.py:29:6: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/css.py:30:5: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/css.py:31:4: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/css.py:32:12: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/css.py:43:7: E121 continuation line under-indented for hanging indent
plugin/controllers/views/web/css.py:44:70: E228 missing whitespace around modulo operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/css.py:45:10: E121 continuation line under-indented for hanging indent
plugin/controllers/views/web/css.py:48:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/css.py:53:5: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/css.py:56:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/web/css.py:62:18: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/css.py:63:35: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/css.py:65:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/css.py:67:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/web/css.py:71:9: E303 too many blank lines (3)
plugin/controllers/views/web/css.py:71:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/css.py:73:37: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/css.py:75:21: F405 'DummyTransaction' may be undefined, or defined from star imports: Cheetah.DummyTransaction
plugin/controllers/views/web/css.py:77:13: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/css.py:81:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/css.py:83:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/css.py:84:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/css.py:87:34: W601 .has_key() is deprecated, use 'in'
plugin/controllers/views/web/css.py:91:1: E101 indentation contains mixed spaces and tabs
plugin/controllers/views/web/css.py:91:4: E126 continuation line over-indented for hanging indent
plugin/controllers/views/web/css.py:92:10: W291 trailing whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/css.py:123:10: W291 trailing whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/css.py:130:24: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/css.py:130:32: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/css.py:130:39: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/css.py:131:13: F841 local variable 'theme' is assigned to but never used
plugin/controllers/views/web/css.py:134:20: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/css.py:134:28: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/css.py:134:64: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/css.py:134:72: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/css.py:134:106: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/css.py:134:114: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/css.py:134:147: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/css.py:134:155: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/css.py:134:188: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/css.py:134:196: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/css.py:134:231: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/css.py:134:239: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/css.py:134:268: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/css.py:134:276: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/css.py:134:308: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/css.py:134:316: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/css.py:134:345: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/css.py:134:353: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/css.py:134:384: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/css.py:134:392: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/css.py:134:425: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/css.py:134:433: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/css.py:134:465: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/css.py:134:473: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/css.py:134:502: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/css.py:134:510: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/css.py:134:528: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/css.py:139:20: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/css.py:139:28: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/css.py:139:57: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/css.py:139:65: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/css.py:139:98: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/css.py:139:106: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/css.py:139:137: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/css.py:139:145: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/css.py:139:177: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/css.py:139:185: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/css.py:139:216: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/css.py:139:224: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/css.py:139:257: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/css.py:139:265: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/css.py:139:289: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/css.py:144:20: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/css.py:144:28: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/css.py:144:50: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/css.py:149:20: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/css.py:149:28: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/css.py:149:49: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/css.py:152:14: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/css.py:158:20: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/css.py:158:28: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/css.py:158:46: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/css.py:188:24: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/css.py:188:45: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/css.py:188:52: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/css.py:192:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/css.py:194:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/css.py:195:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/css.py:197:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/css.py:199:5: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/css.py:202:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/web/css.py:216:31: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/css.py:218:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/css.py:220:1: E305 expected 2 blank lines after class or function definition, found 1
plugin/controllers/views/web/css.py:230:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/css.py:235:1: W391 blank line at end of file
plugin/controllers/views/web/timeraddbyeventid.py:6:1: E303 too many blank lines (4)
plugin/controllers/views/web/timeraddbyeventid.py:7:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/timeraddbyeventid.py:8:1: F401 'sys' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/timeraddbyeventid.py:10:1: F401 'os.path' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/timeraddbyeventid.py:14:5: F401 '__builtin__ as builtin' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/timeraddbyeventid.py:15:1: F401 'os.path.exists' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/timeraddbyeventid.py:15:1: F401 'os.path.getmtime' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/timeraddbyeventid.py:17:1: F401 'types' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/timeraddbyeventid.py:21:1: F403 'from Cheetah.DummyTransaction import *' used; unable to detect undefined names
plugin/controllers/views/web/timeraddbyeventid.py:22:1: F401 'Cheetah.NameMapper.NotFound' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/timeraddbyeventid.py:23:1: F401 'Cheetah.CacheRegion.CacheRegion' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/timeraddbyeventid.py:24:1: F401 'Cheetah.Filters' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/timeraddbyeventid.py:25:1: F401 'Cheetah.ErrorCatchers' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/timeraddbyeventid.py:28:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/timeraddbyeventid.py:29:6: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/timeraddbyeventid.py:30:5: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/timeraddbyeventid.py:31:4: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/timeraddbyeventid.py:32:12: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/timeraddbyeventid.py:43:7: E121 continuation line under-indented for hanging indent
plugin/controllers/views/web/timeraddbyeventid.py:44:70: E228 missing whitespace around modulo operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/timeraddbyeventid.py:45:10: E121 continuation line under-indented for hanging indent
plugin/controllers/views/web/timeraddbyeventid.py:48:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/timeraddbyeventid.py:53:5: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/timeraddbyeventid.py:56:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/web/timeraddbyeventid.py:62:18: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/timeraddbyeventid.py:63:35: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/timeraddbyeventid.py:65:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/timeraddbyeventid.py:67:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/web/timeraddbyeventid.py:71:9: E303 too many blank lines (3)
plugin/controllers/views/web/timeraddbyeventid.py:71:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/timeraddbyeventid.py:73:37: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/timeraddbyeventid.py:75:21: F405 'DummyTransaction' may be undefined, or defined from star imports: Cheetah.DummyTransaction
plugin/controllers/views/web/timeraddbyeventid.py:77:13: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/timeraddbyeventid.py:81:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/timeraddbyeventid.py:83:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/timeraddbyeventid.py:84:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/timeraddbyeventid.py:87:34: W601 .has_key() is deprecated, use 'in'
plugin/controllers/views/web/timeraddbyeventid.py:91:1: E101 indentation contains mixed spaces and tabs
plugin/controllers/views/web/timeraddbyeventid.py:91:4: E126 continuation line over-indented for hanging indent
plugin/controllers/views/web/timeraddbyeventid.py:95:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/timeraddbyeventid.py:95:31: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/timeraddbyeventid.py:95:37: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/timeraddbyeventid.py:96:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/timeraddbyeventid.py:96:66: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/timeraddbyeventid.py:99:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/timeraddbyeventid.py:99:32: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/timeraddbyeventid.py:99:38: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/timeraddbyeventid.py:100:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/timeraddbyeventid.py:100:67: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/timeraddbyeventid.py:105:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/timeraddbyeventid.py:107:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/timeraddbyeventid.py:108:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/timeraddbyeventid.py:110:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/timeraddbyeventid.py:112:5: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/timeraddbyeventid.py:115:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/web/timeraddbyeventid.py:129:45: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/timeraddbyeventid.py:131:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/timeraddbyeventid.py:133:1: E305 expected 2 blank lines after class or function definition, found 1
plugin/controllers/views/web/timeraddbyeventid.py:143:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/timeraddbyeventid.py:148:1: W391 blank line at end of file
plugin/controllers/views/web/restarttwisted.py:6:1: E303 too many blank lines (4)
plugin/controllers/views/web/restarttwisted.py:7:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/restarttwisted.py:8:1: F401 'sys' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/restarttwisted.py:10:1: F401 'os.path' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/restarttwisted.py:14:5: F401 '__builtin__ as builtin' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/restarttwisted.py:15:1: F401 'os.path.exists' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/restarttwisted.py:15:1: F401 'os.path.getmtime' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/restarttwisted.py:17:1: F401 'types' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/restarttwisted.py:21:1: F403 'from Cheetah.DummyTransaction import *' used; unable to detect undefined names
plugin/controllers/views/web/restarttwisted.py:22:1: F401 'Cheetah.NameMapper.NotFound' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/restarttwisted.py:23:1: F401 'Cheetah.CacheRegion.CacheRegion' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/restarttwisted.py:24:1: F401 'Cheetah.Filters' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/restarttwisted.py:25:1: F401 'Cheetah.ErrorCatchers' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/restarttwisted.py:28:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/restarttwisted.py:29:6: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/restarttwisted.py:30:5: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/restarttwisted.py:31:4: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/restarttwisted.py:32:12: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/restarttwisted.py:43:7: E121 continuation line under-indented for hanging indent
plugin/controllers/views/web/restarttwisted.py:44:70: E228 missing whitespace around modulo operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/restarttwisted.py:45:10: E121 continuation line under-indented for hanging indent
plugin/controllers/views/web/restarttwisted.py:48:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/restarttwisted.py:53:5: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/restarttwisted.py:56:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/web/restarttwisted.py:62:18: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/restarttwisted.py:63:35: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/restarttwisted.py:65:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/restarttwisted.py:67:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/web/restarttwisted.py:71:9: E303 too many blank lines (3)
plugin/controllers/views/web/restarttwisted.py:71:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/restarttwisted.py:73:37: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/restarttwisted.py:75:21: F405 'DummyTransaction' may be undefined, or defined from star imports: Cheetah.DummyTransaction
plugin/controllers/views/web/restarttwisted.py:77:13: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/restarttwisted.py:78:9: F841 local variable 'write' is assigned to but never used
plugin/controllers/views/web/restarttwisted.py:79:9: F841 local variable 'SL' is assigned to but never used
plugin/controllers/views/web/restarttwisted.py:80:9: F841 local variable '_filter' is assigned to but never used
plugin/controllers/views/web/restarttwisted.py:81:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/restarttwisted.py:83:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/restarttwisted.py:84:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/restarttwisted.py:85:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/restarttwisted.py:86:9: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/web/restarttwisted.py:87:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/restarttwisted.py:88:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/restarttwisted.py:90:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/restarttwisted.py:92:5: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/restarttwisted.py:95:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/web/restarttwisted.py:109:42: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/restarttwisted.py:111:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/restarttwisted.py:113:1: E305 expected 2 blank lines after class or function definition, found 1
plugin/controllers/views/web/restarttwisted.py:123:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/restarttwisted.py:128:1: W391 blank line at end of file
plugin/controllers/views/web/settings.py:6:1: E303 too many blank lines (4)
plugin/controllers/views/web/settings.py:7:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/settings.py:8:1: F401 'sys' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/settings.py:10:1: F401 'os.path' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/settings.py:14:5: F401 '__builtin__ as builtin' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/settings.py:15:1: F401 'os.path.exists' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/settings.py:15:1: F401 'os.path.getmtime' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/settings.py:17:1: F401 'types' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/settings.py:21:1: F403 'from Cheetah.DummyTransaction import *' used; unable to detect undefined names
plugin/controllers/views/web/settings.py:22:1: F401 'Cheetah.NameMapper.NotFound' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/settings.py:23:1: F401 'Cheetah.CacheRegion.CacheRegion' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/settings.py:24:1: F401 'Cheetah.Filters' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/settings.py:25:1: F401 'Cheetah.ErrorCatchers' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/settings.py:28:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/settings.py:29:6: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/settings.py:30:5: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/settings.py:31:4: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/settings.py:32:12: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/settings.py:43:7: E121 continuation line under-indented for hanging indent
plugin/controllers/views/web/settings.py:44:70: E228 missing whitespace around modulo operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/settings.py:45:10: E121 continuation line under-indented for hanging indent
plugin/controllers/views/web/settings.py:48:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/settings.py:53:5: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/settings.py:56:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/web/settings.py:62:18: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/settings.py:63:35: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/settings.py:65:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/settings.py:67:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/web/settings.py:71:9: E303 too many blank lines (3)
plugin/controllers/views/web/settings.py:71:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/settings.py:73:37: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/settings.py:75:21: F405 'DummyTransaction' may be undefined, or defined from star imports: Cheetah.DummyTransaction
plugin/controllers/views/web/settings.py:77:13: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/settings.py:81:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/settings.py:83:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/settings.py:84:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/settings.py:87:34: W601 .has_key() is deprecated, use 'in'
plugin/controllers/views/web/settings.py:91:1: E101 indentation contains mixed spaces and tabs
plugin/controllers/views/web/settings.py:91:4: E126 continuation line over-indented for hanging indent
plugin/controllers/views/web/settings.py:95:32: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/settings.py:95:43: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/settings.py:95:50: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/settings.py:98:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/settings.py:98:36: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/settings.py:98:45: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/settings.py:99:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/settings.py:99:74: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/settings.py:102:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/settings.py:102:36: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/settings.py:102:45: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/settings.py:103:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/settings.py:103:74: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/settings.py:110:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/settings.py:112:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/settings.py:113:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/settings.py:115:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/settings.py:117:5: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/settings.py:120:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/web/settings.py:134:36: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/settings.py:136:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/settings.py:138:1: E305 expected 2 blank lines after class or function definition, found 1
plugin/controllers/views/web/settings.py:148:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/settings.py:153:1: W391 blank line at end of file
plugin/controllers/views/web/bouquets.py:6:1: E303 too many blank lines (4)
plugin/controllers/views/web/bouquets.py:7:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/bouquets.py:8:1: F401 'sys' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/bouquets.py:10:1: F401 'os.path' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/bouquets.py:14:5: F401 '__builtin__ as builtin' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/bouquets.py:15:1: F401 'os.path.exists' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/bouquets.py:15:1: F401 'os.path.getmtime' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/bouquets.py:17:1: F401 'types' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/bouquets.py:21:1: F403 'from Cheetah.DummyTransaction import *' used; unable to detect undefined names
plugin/controllers/views/web/bouquets.py:22:1: F401 'Cheetah.NameMapper.NotFound' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/bouquets.py:23:1: F401 'Cheetah.CacheRegion.CacheRegion' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/bouquets.py:24:1: F401 'Cheetah.Filters' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/bouquets.py:25:1: F401 'Cheetah.ErrorCatchers' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/bouquets.py:28:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/bouquets.py:29:6: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/bouquets.py:30:5: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/bouquets.py:31:4: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/bouquets.py:32:12: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/bouquets.py:43:7: E121 continuation line under-indented for hanging indent
plugin/controllers/views/web/bouquets.py:44:70: E228 missing whitespace around modulo operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/bouquets.py:45:10: E121 continuation line under-indented for hanging indent
plugin/controllers/views/web/bouquets.py:48:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/bouquets.py:53:5: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/bouquets.py:56:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/web/bouquets.py:62:18: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/bouquets.py:63:35: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/bouquets.py:65:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/bouquets.py:67:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/web/bouquets.py:71:9: E303 too many blank lines (3)
plugin/controllers/views/web/bouquets.py:71:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/bouquets.py:73:37: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/bouquets.py:75:21: F405 'DummyTransaction' may be undefined, or defined from star imports: Cheetah.DummyTransaction
plugin/controllers/views/web/bouquets.py:77:13: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/bouquets.py:81:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/bouquets.py:83:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/bouquets.py:84:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/bouquets.py:87:34: W601 .has_key() is deprecated, use 'in'
plugin/controllers/views/web/bouquets.py:91:1: E101 indentation contains mixed spaces and tabs
plugin/controllers/views/web/bouquets.py:91:4: E126 continuation line over-indented for hanging indent
plugin/controllers/views/web/bouquets.py:95:32: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/bouquets.py:95:43: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/bouquets.py:95:50: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/bouquets.py:98:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/bouquets.py:98:36: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/bouquets.py:98:45: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/bouquets.py:99:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/bouquets.py:99:74: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/bouquets.py:102:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/bouquets.py:102:36: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/bouquets.py:102:45: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/bouquets.py:103:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/bouquets.py:103:74: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/bouquets.py:110:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/bouquets.py:112:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/bouquets.py:113:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/bouquets.py:115:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/bouquets.py:117:5: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/bouquets.py:120:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/web/bouquets.py:134:36: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/bouquets.py:136:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/bouquets.py:138:1: E305 expected 2 blank lines after class or function definition, found 1
plugin/controllers/views/web/bouquets.py:148:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/bouquets.py:153:1: W391 blank line at end of file
plugin/controllers/views/web/loadepg.py:6:1: E303 too many blank lines (4)
plugin/controllers/views/web/loadepg.py:7:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/loadepg.py:8:1: F401 'sys' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/loadepg.py:10:1: F401 'os.path' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/loadepg.py:14:5: F401 '__builtin__ as builtin' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/loadepg.py:15:1: F401 'os.path.exists' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/loadepg.py:15:1: F401 'os.path.getmtime' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/loadepg.py:17:1: F401 'types' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/loadepg.py:21:1: F403 'from Cheetah.DummyTransaction import *' used; unable to detect undefined names
plugin/controllers/views/web/loadepg.py:22:1: F401 'Cheetah.NameMapper.NotFound' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/loadepg.py:23:1: F401 'Cheetah.CacheRegion.CacheRegion' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/loadepg.py:24:1: F401 'Cheetah.Filters' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/loadepg.py:25:1: F401 'Cheetah.ErrorCatchers' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/loadepg.py:28:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/loadepg.py:29:6: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/loadepg.py:30:5: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/loadepg.py:31:4: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/loadepg.py:32:12: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/loadepg.py:43:7: E121 continuation line under-indented for hanging indent
plugin/controllers/views/web/loadepg.py:44:70: E228 missing whitespace around modulo operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/loadepg.py:45:10: E121 continuation line under-indented for hanging indent
plugin/controllers/views/web/loadepg.py:48:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/loadepg.py:53:5: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/loadepg.py:56:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/web/loadepg.py:62:18: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/loadepg.py:63:35: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/loadepg.py:65:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/loadepg.py:67:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/web/loadepg.py:71:9: E303 too many blank lines (3)
plugin/controllers/views/web/loadepg.py:71:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/loadepg.py:73:37: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/loadepg.py:75:21: F405 'DummyTransaction' may be undefined, or defined from star imports: Cheetah.DummyTransaction
plugin/controllers/views/web/loadepg.py:77:13: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/loadepg.py:81:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/loadepg.py:83:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/loadepg.py:84:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/loadepg.py:87:34: W601 .has_key() is deprecated, use 'in'
plugin/controllers/views/web/loadepg.py:91:1: E101 indentation contains mixed spaces and tabs
plugin/controllers/views/web/loadepg.py:91:4: E126 continuation line over-indented for hanging indent
plugin/controllers/views/web/loadepg.py:95:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/loadepg.py:95:31: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/loadepg.py:95:37: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/loadepg.py:96:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/loadepg.py:96:66: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/loadepg.py:99:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/loadepg.py:99:32: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/loadepg.py:99:38: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/loadepg.py:100:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/loadepg.py:100:67: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/loadepg.py:105:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/loadepg.py:107:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/loadepg.py:108:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/loadepg.py:110:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/loadepg.py:112:5: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/loadepg.py:115:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/web/loadepg.py:129:35: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/loadepg.py:131:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/loadepg.py:133:1: E305 expected 2 blank lines after class or function definition, found 1
plugin/controllers/views/web/loadepg.py:143:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/loadepg.py:148:1: W391 blank line at end of file
plugin/controllers/views/web/selectaudiotrack.py:6:1: E303 too many blank lines (4)
plugin/controllers/views/web/selectaudiotrack.py:7:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/selectaudiotrack.py:8:1: F401 'sys' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/selectaudiotrack.py:10:1: F401 'os.path' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/selectaudiotrack.py:14:5: F401 '__builtin__ as builtin' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/selectaudiotrack.py:15:1: F401 'os.path.exists' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/selectaudiotrack.py:15:1: F401 'os.path.getmtime' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/selectaudiotrack.py:17:1: F401 'types' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/selectaudiotrack.py:21:1: F403 'from Cheetah.DummyTransaction import *' used; unable to detect undefined names
plugin/controllers/views/web/selectaudiotrack.py:22:1: F401 'Cheetah.NameMapper.NotFound' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/selectaudiotrack.py:23:1: F401 'Cheetah.CacheRegion.CacheRegion' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/selectaudiotrack.py:24:1: F401 'Cheetah.Filters' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/selectaudiotrack.py:25:1: F401 'Cheetah.ErrorCatchers' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/selectaudiotrack.py:28:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/selectaudiotrack.py:29:6: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/selectaudiotrack.py:30:5: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/selectaudiotrack.py:31:4: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/selectaudiotrack.py:32:12: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/selectaudiotrack.py:43:7: E121 continuation line under-indented for hanging indent
plugin/controllers/views/web/selectaudiotrack.py:44:70: E228 missing whitespace around modulo operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/selectaudiotrack.py:45:10: E121 continuation line under-indented for hanging indent
plugin/controllers/views/web/selectaudiotrack.py:48:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/selectaudiotrack.py:53:5: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/selectaudiotrack.py:56:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/web/selectaudiotrack.py:62:18: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/selectaudiotrack.py:63:35: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/selectaudiotrack.py:65:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/selectaudiotrack.py:67:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/web/selectaudiotrack.py:71:9: E303 too many blank lines (3)
plugin/controllers/views/web/selectaudiotrack.py:71:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/selectaudiotrack.py:73:37: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/selectaudiotrack.py:75:21: F405 'DummyTransaction' may be undefined, or defined from star imports: Cheetah.DummyTransaction
plugin/controllers/views/web/selectaudiotrack.py:77:13: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/selectaudiotrack.py:81:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/selectaudiotrack.py:83:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/selectaudiotrack.py:84:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/selectaudiotrack.py:87:34: W601 .has_key() is deprecated, use 'in'
plugin/controllers/views/web/selectaudiotrack.py:91:1: E101 indentation contains mixed spaces and tabs
plugin/controllers/views/web/selectaudiotrack.py:91:4: E126 continuation line over-indented for hanging indent
plugin/controllers/views/web/selectaudiotrack.py:95:20: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/selectaudiotrack.py:95:29: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/selectaudiotrack.py:95:36: E712 comparison to True should be 'if cond is True:' or 'if cond:'
plugin/controllers/views/web/selectaudiotrack.py:95:44: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/selectaudiotrack.py:98:14: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/selectaudiotrack.py:104:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/selectaudiotrack.py:106:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/selectaudiotrack.py:107:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/selectaudiotrack.py:109:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/selectaudiotrack.py:111:5: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/selectaudiotrack.py:114:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/web/selectaudiotrack.py:128:44: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/selectaudiotrack.py:130:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/selectaudiotrack.py:132:1: E305 expected 2 blank lines after class or function definition, found 1
plugin/controllers/views/web/selectaudiotrack.py:142:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/selectaudiotrack.py:147:1: W391 blank line at end of file
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgservice.py:6:1: E303 too many blank lines (4)
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgservice.py:7:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgservice.py:8:1: F401 'sys' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgservice.py:10:1: F401 'os.path' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgservice.py:14:5: F401 '__builtin__ as builtin' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgservice.py:15:1: F401 'os.path.exists' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgservice.py:15:1: F401 'os.path.getmtime' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgservice.py:17:1: F401 'types' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgservice.py:21:1: F403 'from Cheetah.DummyTransaction import *' used; unable to detect undefined names
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgservice.py:22:1: F401 'Cheetah.NameMapper.NotFound' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgservice.py:23:1: F401 'Cheetah.CacheRegion.CacheRegion' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgservice.py:24:1: F401 'Cheetah.Filters' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgservice.py:25:1: F401 'Cheetah.ErrorCatchers' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgservice.py:28:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgservice.py:29:6: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgservice.py:30:5: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgservice.py:31:4: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgservice.py:32:12: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgservice.py:43:7: E121 continuation line under-indented for hanging indent
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgservice.py:44:70: E228 missing whitespace around modulo operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgservice.py:45:10: E121 continuation line under-indented for hanging indent
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgservice.py:48:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgservice.py:53:5: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgservice.py:56:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgservice.py:62:18: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgservice.py:63:35: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgservice.py:65:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgservice.py:67:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgservice.py:71:9: E303 too many blank lines (3)
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgservice.py:71:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgservice.py:73:37: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgservice.py:75:21: F405 'DummyTransaction' may be undefined, or defined from star imports: Cheetah.DummyTransaction
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgservice.py:77:13: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgservice.py:81:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgservice.py:83:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgservice.py:84:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgservice.py:87:34: W601 .has_key() is deprecated, use 'in'
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgservice.py:91:1: E101 indentation contains mixed spaces and tabs
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgservice.py:91:4: E126 continuation line over-indented for hanging indent
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgservice.py:95:30: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgservice.py:95:39: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgservice.py:95:46: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgservice.py:98:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgservice.py:98:32: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgservice.py:98:48: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgservice.py:98:59: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgservice.py:98:66: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgservice.py:99:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgservice.py:99:78: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgservice.py:102:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgservice.py:102:32: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgservice.py:102:48: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgservice.py:102:72: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgservice.py:102:79: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgservice.py:103:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgservice.py:103:91: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgservice.py:106:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgservice.py:106:32: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgservice.py:106:48: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgservice.py:106:69: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgservice.py:106:76: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgservice.py:107:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgservice.py:107:88: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgservice.py:110:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgservice.py:110:32: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgservice.py:110:48: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgservice.py:110:70: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgservice.py:110:77: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgservice.py:111:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgservice.py:111:89: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgservice.py:114:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgservice.py:114:32: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgservice.py:114:48: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgservice.py:114:62: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgservice.py:114:69: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgservice.py:115:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgservice.py:115:81: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgservice.py:118:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgservice.py:118:32: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgservice.py:118:48: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgservice.py:118:66: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgservice.py:118:73: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgservice.py:119:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgservice.py:119:85: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgservice.py:122:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgservice.py:122:32: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgservice.py:122:48: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgservice.py:122:65: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgservice.py:122:72: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgservice.py:123:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgservice.py:123:84: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgservice.py:126:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgservice.py:126:39: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgservice.py:126:45: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgservice.py:127:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgservice.py:127:74: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgservice.py:130:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgservice.py:130:40: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgservice.py:130:46: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgservice.py:131:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgservice.py:131:75: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgservice.py:134:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgservice.py:134:42: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgservice.py:134:48: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgservice.py:135:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgservice.py:135:77: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgservice.py:137:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgservice.py:137:40: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgservice.py:137:46: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgservice.py:138:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgservice.py:138:75: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgservice.py:145:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgservice.py:147:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgservice.py:148:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgservice.py:150:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgservice.py:152:5: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgservice.py:155:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgservice.py:169:38: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgservice.py:171:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgservice.py:173:1: E305 expected 2 blank lines after class or function definition, found 1
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgservice.py:183:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgservice.py:188:1: W391 blank line at end of file
plugin/controllers/views/web/movierename.py:6:1: E303 too many blank lines (4)
plugin/controllers/views/web/movierename.py:7:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/movierename.py:8:1: F401 'sys' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/movierename.py:10:1: F401 'os.path' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/movierename.py:14:5: F401 '__builtin__ as builtin' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/movierename.py:15:1: F401 'os.path.exists' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/movierename.py:15:1: F401 'os.path.getmtime' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/movierename.py:17:1: F401 'types' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/movierename.py:21:1: F403 'from Cheetah.DummyTransaction import *' used; unable to detect undefined names
plugin/controllers/views/web/movierename.py:22:1: F401 'Cheetah.NameMapper.NotFound' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/movierename.py:23:1: F401 'Cheetah.CacheRegion.CacheRegion' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/movierename.py:24:1: F401 'Cheetah.Filters' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/movierename.py:25:1: F401 'Cheetah.ErrorCatchers' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/movierename.py:28:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/movierename.py:29:6: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/movierename.py:30:5: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/movierename.py:31:4: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/movierename.py:32:12: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/movierename.py:43:7: E121 continuation line under-indented for hanging indent
plugin/controllers/views/web/movierename.py:44:70: E228 missing whitespace around modulo operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/movierename.py:45:10: E121 continuation line under-indented for hanging indent
plugin/controllers/views/web/movierename.py:48:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/movierename.py:53:5: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/movierename.py:56:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/web/movierename.py:62:18: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/movierename.py:63:35: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/movierename.py:65:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/movierename.py:67:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/web/movierename.py:71:9: E303 too many blank lines (3)
plugin/controllers/views/web/movierename.py:71:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/movierename.py:73:37: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/movierename.py:75:21: F405 'DummyTransaction' may be undefined, or defined from star imports: Cheetah.DummyTransaction
plugin/controllers/views/web/movierename.py:77:13: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/movierename.py:81:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/movierename.py:83:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/movierename.py:84:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/movierename.py:87:34: W601 .has_key() is deprecated, use 'in'
plugin/controllers/views/web/movierename.py:91:1: E101 indentation contains mixed spaces and tabs
plugin/controllers/views/web/movierename.py:91:4: E126 continuation line over-indented for hanging indent
plugin/controllers/views/web/movierename.py:95:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/movierename.py:95:31: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/movierename.py:95:37: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/movierename.py:96:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/movierename.py:96:66: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/movierename.py:99:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/movierename.py:99:32: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/movierename.py:99:38: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/movierename.py:100:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/movierename.py:100:67: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/movierename.py:105:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/movierename.py:107:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/movierename.py:108:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/movierename.py:110:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/movierename.py:112:5: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/movierename.py:115:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/web/movierename.py:129:39: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/movierename.py:131:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/movierename.py:133:1: E305 expected 2 blank lines after class or function definition, found 1
plugin/controllers/views/web/movierename.py:143:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/movierename.py:148:1: W391 blank line at end of file
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayercurrent.py:6:1: E303 too many blank lines (4)
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayercurrent.py:7:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayercurrent.py:8:1: F401 'sys' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayercurrent.py:10:1: F401 'os.path' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayercurrent.py:14:5: F401 '__builtin__ as builtin' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayercurrent.py:15:1: F401 'os.path.exists' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayercurrent.py:15:1: F401 'os.path.getmtime' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayercurrent.py:17:1: F401 'types' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayercurrent.py:21:1: F403 'from Cheetah.DummyTransaction import *' used; unable to detect undefined names
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayercurrent.py:22:1: F401 'Cheetah.NameMapper.NotFound' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayercurrent.py:23:1: F401 'Cheetah.CacheRegion.CacheRegion' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayercurrent.py:24:1: F401 'Cheetah.Filters' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayercurrent.py:25:1: F401 'Cheetah.ErrorCatchers' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayercurrent.py:28:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayercurrent.py:29:6: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayercurrent.py:30:5: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayercurrent.py:31:4: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayercurrent.py:32:12: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayercurrent.py:43:7: E121 continuation line under-indented for hanging indent
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayercurrent.py:44:70: E228 missing whitespace around modulo operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayercurrent.py:45:10: E121 continuation line under-indented for hanging indent
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayercurrent.py:48:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayercurrent.py:53:5: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayercurrent.py:56:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayercurrent.py:62:18: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayercurrent.py:63:35: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayercurrent.py:65:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayercurrent.py:67:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayercurrent.py:71:9: E303 too many blank lines (3)
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayercurrent.py:71:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayercurrent.py:73:37: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayercurrent.py:75:21: F405 'DummyTransaction' may be undefined, or defined from star imports: Cheetah.DummyTransaction
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayercurrent.py:77:13: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayercurrent.py:81:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayercurrent.py:83:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayercurrent.py:84:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayercurrent.py:87:34: W601 .has_key() is deprecated, use 'in'
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayercurrent.py:91:1: E101 indentation contains mixed spaces and tabs
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayercurrent.py:91:4: E126 continuation line over-indented for hanging indent
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayercurrent.py:96:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayercurrent.py:96:31: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayercurrent.py:96:37: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayercurrent.py:97:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayercurrent.py:97:66: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayercurrent.py:100:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayercurrent.py:100:30: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayercurrent.py:100:36: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayercurrent.py:101:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayercurrent.py:101:65: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayercurrent.py:104:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayercurrent.py:104:30: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayercurrent.py:104:36: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayercurrent.py:105:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayercurrent.py:105:65: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayercurrent.py:108:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayercurrent.py:108:29: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayercurrent.py:108:35: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayercurrent.py:109:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayercurrent.py:109:64: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayercurrent.py:112:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayercurrent.py:112:30: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayercurrent.py:112:36: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayercurrent.py:113:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayercurrent.py:113:65: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayercurrent.py:116:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayercurrent.py:116:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayercurrent.py:116:39: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayercurrent.py:117:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayercurrent.py:117:68: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayercurrent.py:123:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayercurrent.py:125:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayercurrent.py:126:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayercurrent.py:128:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayercurrent.py:130:5: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayercurrent.py:133:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayercurrent.py:147:46: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayercurrent.py:149:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayercurrent.py:151:1: E305 expected 2 blank lines after class or function definition, found 1
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayercurrent.py:161:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/mediaplayercurrent.py:166:1: W391 blank line at end of file
plugin/controllers/views/web/serviceplayable.py:6:1: E303 too many blank lines (4)
plugin/controllers/views/web/serviceplayable.py:7:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/serviceplayable.py:8:1: F401 'sys' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/serviceplayable.py:10:1: F401 'os.path' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/serviceplayable.py:14:5: F401 '__builtin__ as builtin' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/serviceplayable.py:15:1: F401 'os.path.exists' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/serviceplayable.py:15:1: F401 'os.path.getmtime' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/serviceplayable.py:17:1: F401 'types' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/serviceplayable.py:21:1: F403 'from Cheetah.DummyTransaction import *' used; unable to detect undefined names
plugin/controllers/views/web/serviceplayable.py:22:1: F401 'Cheetah.NameMapper.NotFound' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/serviceplayable.py:23:1: F401 'Cheetah.CacheRegion.CacheRegion' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/serviceplayable.py:24:1: F401 'Cheetah.Filters' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/serviceplayable.py:25:1: F401 'Cheetah.ErrorCatchers' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/serviceplayable.py:28:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/serviceplayable.py:29:6: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/serviceplayable.py:30:5: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/serviceplayable.py:31:4: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/serviceplayable.py:32:12: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/serviceplayable.py:43:7: E121 continuation line under-indented for hanging indent
plugin/controllers/views/web/serviceplayable.py:44:70: E228 missing whitespace around modulo operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/serviceplayable.py:45:10: E121 continuation line under-indented for hanging indent
plugin/controllers/views/web/serviceplayable.py:48:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/serviceplayable.py:53:5: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/serviceplayable.py:56:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/web/serviceplayable.py:62:18: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/serviceplayable.py:63:35: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/serviceplayable.py:65:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/serviceplayable.py:67:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/web/serviceplayable.py:71:9: E303 too many blank lines (3)
plugin/controllers/views/web/serviceplayable.py:71:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/serviceplayable.py:73:37: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/serviceplayable.py:75:21: F405 'DummyTransaction' may be undefined, or defined from star imports: Cheetah.DummyTransaction
plugin/controllers/views/web/serviceplayable.py:77:13: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/serviceplayable.py:81:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/serviceplayable.py:83:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/serviceplayable.py:84:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/serviceplayable.py:87:34: W601 .has_key() is deprecated, use 'in'
plugin/controllers/views/web/serviceplayable.py:91:1: E101 indentation contains mixed spaces and tabs
plugin/controllers/views/web/serviceplayable.py:91:4: E126 continuation line over-indented for hanging indent
plugin/controllers/views/web/serviceplayable.py:95:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/serviceplayable.py:95:49: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/serviceplayable.py:95:55: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/serviceplayable.py:96:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/serviceplayable.py:96:84: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/serviceplayable.py:99:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/serviceplayable.py:99:28: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/serviceplayable.py:99:44: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/serviceplayable.py:99:65: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/serviceplayable.py:99:72: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/serviceplayable.py:100:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/serviceplayable.py:100:84: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/serviceplayable.py:105:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/serviceplayable.py:107:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/serviceplayable.py:108:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/serviceplayable.py:110:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/serviceplayable.py:112:5: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/serviceplayable.py:115:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/web/serviceplayable.py:129:43: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/serviceplayable.py:131:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/serviceplayable.py:133:1: E305 expected 2 blank lines after class or function definition, found 1
plugin/controllers/views/web/serviceplayable.py:143:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/serviceplayable.py:148:1: W391 blank line at end of file
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgsearch.py:6:1: E303 too many blank lines (4)
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgsearch.py:7:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgsearch.py:8:1: F401 'sys' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgsearch.py:10:1: F401 'os.path' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgsearch.py:14:5: F401 '__builtin__ as builtin' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgsearch.py:15:1: F401 'os.path.exists' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgsearch.py:15:1: F401 'os.path.getmtime' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgsearch.py:17:1: F401 'types' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgsearch.py:21:1: F403 'from Cheetah.DummyTransaction import *' used; unable to detect undefined names
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgsearch.py:22:1: F401 'Cheetah.NameMapper.NotFound' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgsearch.py:23:1: F401 'Cheetah.CacheRegion.CacheRegion' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgsearch.py:24:1: F401 'Cheetah.Filters' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgsearch.py:25:1: F401 'Cheetah.ErrorCatchers' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgsearch.py:28:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgsearch.py:29:6: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgsearch.py:30:5: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgsearch.py:31:4: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgsearch.py:32:12: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgsearch.py:43:7: E121 continuation line under-indented for hanging indent
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgsearch.py:44:70: E228 missing whitespace around modulo operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgsearch.py:45:10: E121 continuation line under-indented for hanging indent
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgsearch.py:48:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgsearch.py:53:5: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgsearch.py:56:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgsearch.py:62:18: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgsearch.py:63:35: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgsearch.py:65:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgsearch.py:67:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgsearch.py:71:9: E303 too many blank lines (3)
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgsearch.py:71:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgsearch.py:73:37: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgsearch.py:75:21: F405 'DummyTransaction' may be undefined, or defined from star imports: Cheetah.DummyTransaction
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgsearch.py:77:13: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgsearch.py:81:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgsearch.py:83:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgsearch.py:84:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgsearch.py:87:34: W601 .has_key() is deprecated, use 'in'
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgsearch.py:91:1: E101 indentation contains mixed spaces and tabs
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgsearch.py:91:4: E126 continuation line over-indented for hanging indent
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgsearch.py:95:30: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgsearch.py:95:39: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgsearch.py:95:46: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgsearch.py:98:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgsearch.py:98:32: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgsearch.py:98:48: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgsearch.py:98:59: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgsearch.py:98:66: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgsearch.py:99:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgsearch.py:99:78: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgsearch.py:102:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgsearch.py:102:32: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgsearch.py:102:48: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgsearch.py:102:72: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgsearch.py:102:79: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgsearch.py:103:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgsearch.py:103:91: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgsearch.py:106:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgsearch.py:106:32: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgsearch.py:106:48: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgsearch.py:106:69: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgsearch.py:106:76: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgsearch.py:107:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgsearch.py:107:88: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgsearch.py:110:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgsearch.py:110:32: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgsearch.py:110:48: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgsearch.py:110:70: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgsearch.py:110:77: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgsearch.py:111:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgsearch.py:111:89: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgsearch.py:114:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgsearch.py:114:32: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgsearch.py:114:48: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgsearch.py:114:62: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgsearch.py:114:69: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgsearch.py:115:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgsearch.py:115:81: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgsearch.py:118:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgsearch.py:118:32: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgsearch.py:118:48: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgsearch.py:118:66: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgsearch.py:118:73: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgsearch.py:119:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgsearch.py:119:85: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgsearch.py:122:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgsearch.py:122:32: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgsearch.py:122:48: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgsearch.py:122:65: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgsearch.py:122:72: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgsearch.py:123:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgsearch.py:123:84: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgsearch.py:126:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgsearch.py:126:39: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgsearch.py:126:45: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgsearch.py:127:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgsearch.py:127:74: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgsearch.py:130:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgsearch.py:130:40: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgsearch.py:130:46: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgsearch.py:131:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgsearch.py:131:75: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgsearch.py:134:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgsearch.py:134:42: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgsearch.py:134:48: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgsearch.py:135:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgsearch.py:135:77: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgsearch.py:137:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgsearch.py:137:40: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgsearch.py:137:46: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgsearch.py:138:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgsearch.py:138:75: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgsearch.py:145:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgsearch.py:147:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgsearch.py:148:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgsearch.py:150:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgsearch.py:152:5: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgsearch.py:155:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgsearch.py:169:37: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgsearch.py:171:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgsearch.py:173:1: E305 expected 2 blank lines after class or function definition, found 1
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgsearch.py:183:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/epgsearch.py:188:1: W391 blank line at end of file
plugin/controllers/views/web/servicesm3u.py:6:1: E303 too many blank lines (4)
plugin/controllers/views/web/servicesm3u.py:7:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/servicesm3u.py:8:1: F401 'sys' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/servicesm3u.py:10:1: F401 'os.path' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/servicesm3u.py:14:5: F401 '__builtin__ as builtin' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/servicesm3u.py:15:1: F401 'os.path.exists' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/servicesm3u.py:15:1: F401 'os.path.getmtime' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/servicesm3u.py:17:1: F401 'types' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/servicesm3u.py:21:1: F403 'from Cheetah.DummyTransaction import *' used; unable to detect undefined names
plugin/controllers/views/web/servicesm3u.py:22:1: F401 'Cheetah.NameMapper.NotFound' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/servicesm3u.py:23:1: F401 'Cheetah.CacheRegion.CacheRegion' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/servicesm3u.py:24:1: F401 'Cheetah.Filters' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/servicesm3u.py:25:1: F401 'Cheetah.ErrorCatchers' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/web/servicesm3u.py:29:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/servicesm3u.py:30:6: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/servicesm3u.py:31:5: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/servicesm3u.py:32:4: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/servicesm3u.py:33:12: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/servicesm3u.py:44:7: E121 continuation line under-indented for hanging indent
plugin/controllers/views/web/servicesm3u.py:45:70: E228 missing whitespace around modulo operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/servicesm3u.py:46:10: E121 continuation line under-indented for hanging indent
plugin/controllers/views/web/servicesm3u.py:49:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/servicesm3u.py:54:5: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/servicesm3u.py:57:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/web/servicesm3u.py:63:18: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/servicesm3u.py:64:35: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/servicesm3u.py:66:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/servicesm3u.py:68:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/web/servicesm3u.py:72:9: E303 too many blank lines (3)
plugin/controllers/views/web/servicesm3u.py:72:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/servicesm3u.py:74:37: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/servicesm3u.py:76:21: F405 'DummyTransaction' may be undefined, or defined from star imports: Cheetah.DummyTransaction
plugin/controllers/views/web/servicesm3u.py:78:13: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/servicesm3u.py:82:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/servicesm3u.py:84:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/servicesm3u.py:85:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/servicesm3u.py:86:12: W291 trailing whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/servicesm3u.py:89:9: F841 local variable '_url' is assigned to but never used
plugin/controllers/views/web/servicesm3u.py:89:25: E226 missing whitespace around arithmetic operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/servicesm3u.py:89:34: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/servicesm3u.py:89:41: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/servicesm3u.py:89:47: E226 missing whitespace around arithmetic operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/servicesm3u.py:89:60: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/servicesm3u.py:89:67: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/servicesm3u.py:89:73: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/servicesm3u.py:89:81: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/servicesm3u.py:90:32: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/servicesm3u.py:90:43: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/servicesm3u.py:90:50: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/servicesm3u.py:91:42: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/servicesm3u.py:91:69: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/servicesm3u.py:91:75: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/servicesm3u.py:91:83: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/servicesm3u.py:91:105: E226 missing whitespace around arithmetic operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/servicesm3u.py:92:17: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/servicesm3u.py:93:37: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/servicesm3u.py:93:44: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/servicesm3u.py:93:50: E226 missing whitespace around arithmetic operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/servicesm3u.py:93:68: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/servicesm3u.py:93:76: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/servicesm3u.py:94:13: E722 do not use bare 'except'
plugin/controllers/views/web/servicesm3u.py:94:20: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/servicesm3u.py:95:17: F841 local variable '_piconurl' is assigned to but never used
plugin/controllers/views/web/servicesm3u.py:97:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/servicesm3u.py:97:44: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/servicesm3u.py:97:50: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/servicesm3u.py:98:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/servicesm3u.py:98:79: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/servicesm3u.py:100:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/servicesm3u.py:100:38: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/servicesm3u.py:100:44: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/servicesm3u.py:101:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/servicesm3u.py:101:73: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/servicesm3u.py:103:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/servicesm3u.py:103:34: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/servicesm3u.py:103:40: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/servicesm3u.py:104:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/servicesm3u.py:104:69: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/servicesm3u.py:106:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/servicesm3u.py:106:48: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/servicesm3u.py:106:54: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/servicesm3u.py:107:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/servicesm3u.py:107:83: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/servicesm3u.py:109:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/servicesm3u.py:109:48: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/servicesm3u.py:109:54: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/servicesm3u.py:110:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/servicesm3u.py:110:83: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/servicesm3u.py:113:52: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/servicesm3u.py:115:32: E226 missing whitespace around arithmetic operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/servicesm3u.py:115:41: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/servicesm3u.py:115:48: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/servicesm3u.py:115:54: E226 missing whitespace around arithmetic operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/servicesm3u.py:115:67: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/servicesm3u.py:115:74: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/servicesm3u.py:115:80: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/servicesm3u.py:115:88: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/servicesm3u.py:115:104: E226 missing whitespace around arithmetic operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/servicesm3u.py:115:109: E226 missing whitespace around arithmetic operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/servicesm3u.py:116:34: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/servicesm3u.py:117:24: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/servicesm3u.py:119:30: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/servicesm3u.py:119:48: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/servicesm3u.py:119:54: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/servicesm3u.py:120:34: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/servicesm3u.py:120:83: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/servicesm3u.py:123:32: E226 missing whitespace around arithmetic operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/servicesm3u.py:123:41: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/servicesm3u.py:123:48: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/servicesm3u.py:123:54: E226 missing whitespace around arithmetic operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/servicesm3u.py:123:63: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/servicesm3u.py:123:70: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/web/servicesm3u.py:123:76: E226 missing whitespace around arithmetic operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/servicesm3u.py:123:81: E226 missing whitespace around arithmetic operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/servicesm3u.py:124:34: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/web/servicesm3u.py:127:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/servicesm3u.py:129:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/servicesm3u.py:130:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/servicesm3u.py:132:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/web/servicesm3u.py:134:5: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/servicesm3u.py:137:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/web/servicesm3u.py:151:39: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/web/servicesm3u.py:153:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/servicesm3u.py:155:1: E305 expected 2 blank lines after class or function definition, found 1
plugin/controllers/views/web/servicesm3u.py:165:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/web/servicesm3u.py:170:1: W391 blank line at end of file
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:6:1: E303 too many blank lines (4)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:7:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:8:1: F401 'sys' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:10:1: F401 'os.path' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:14:5: F401 '__builtin__ as builtin' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:15:1: F401 'os.path.exists' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:15:1: F401 'os.path.getmtime' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:17:1: F401 'types' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:21:1: F403 'from Cheetah.DummyTransaction import *' used; unable to detect undefined names
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:22:1: F401 'Cheetah.NameMapper.NotFound' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:23:1: F401 'Cheetah.CacheRegion.CacheRegion' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:24:1: F401 'Cheetah.Filters' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:25:1: F401 'Cheetah.ErrorCatchers' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:26:1: F401 'Plugins.Extensions.OpenWebif.controllers.i18n.tstrings' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:27:1: F401 'Plugins.Extensions.OpenWebif.vtiaddon.MinTimerList' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:27:1: F401 'Plugins.Extensions.OpenWebif.vtiaddon.MovieSearchShort' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:27:1: F401 'Plugins.Extensions.OpenWebif.vtiaddon.MinEPGList' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:27:1: F401 'Plugins.Extensions.OpenWebif.vtiaddon.MovieSearchExtended' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:27:1: F401 'Plugins.Extensions.OpenWebif.vtiaddon.useSreenshotChannelName' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:27:1: F401 'Plugins.Extensions.OpenWebif.vtiaddon.EPGSearchFull' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:27:1: F401 'Plugins.Extensions.OpenWebif.vtiaddon.ZapStream' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:27:1: F401 'Plugins.Extensions.OpenWebif.vtiaddon.themeMode' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:27:1: F401 'Plugins.Extensions.OpenWebif.vtiaddon.ScreenshotOnRCU' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:27:1: F401 'Plugins.Extensions.OpenWebif.vtiaddon.RemoteControlView' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:27:1: F401 'Plugins.Extensions.OpenWebif.vtiaddon.EPGSearchBQonly' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:27:1: F401 'Plugins.Extensions.OpenWebif.vtiaddon.showIPTVChannelsInSelection' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:27:1: F401 'Plugins.Extensions.OpenWebif.vtiaddon.showPiconBackground' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:27:1: F401 'Plugins.Extensions.OpenWebif.vtiaddon.skinColor' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:27:1: F401 'Plugins.Extensions.OpenWebif.vtiaddon.showPicons' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:27:1: F401 'Plugins.Extensions.OpenWebif.vtiaddon.MinMovieList' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:28:1: F401 'json.dumps' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:31:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:32:6: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:33:5: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:34:4: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:35:12: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:46:7: E121 continuation line under-indented for hanging indent
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:47:70: E228 missing whitespace around modulo operator
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:48:10: E121 continuation line under-indented for hanging indent
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:51:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:56:5: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:59:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:65:18: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:66:35: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:68:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:70:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:74:9: E303 too many blank lines (3)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:74:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:76:37: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:78:21: F405 'DummyTransaction' may be undefined, or defined from star imports: Cheetah.DummyTransaction
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:80:13: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:84:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:86:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:87:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:90:9: F841 local variable 'skinPrefOptions' is assigned to but never used
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:90:66: E242 tab after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:90:117: E242 tab after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:90:164: E242 tab after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:90:201: E242 tab after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:90:236: E242 tab after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:90:273: E242 tab after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:90:314: E242 tab after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:90:365: E242 tab after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:90:406: E242 tab after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:90:443: E242 tab after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:90:492: E242 tab after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:90:529: E242 tab after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:90:566: E242 tab after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:90:605: E242 tab after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:90:656: E242 tab after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:90:693: E242 tab after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:90:734: E242 tab after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:90:773: E242 tab after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:90:814: E242 tab after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:90:865: E242 tab after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:90:904: E242 tab after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:94:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:94:32: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:94:38: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:95:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:95:67: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:99:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:99:32: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:99:38: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:100:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:100:67: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:132:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:132:30: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:132:46: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:132:57: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:132:64: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:133:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:133:76: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:138:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:138:34: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:138:40: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:139:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:139:69: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:141:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:141:34: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:141:40: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:142:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:142:69: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:144:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:144:34: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:144:40: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:145:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:145:69: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:147:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:147:34: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:147:40: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:148:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:148:69: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:160:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:160:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:160:55: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:161:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:161:84: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:163:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:163:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:163:52: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:164:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:164:81: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:175:20: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:175:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:175:40: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:183:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:183:37: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:183:59: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:184:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:184:88: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:186:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:186:37: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:186:58: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:187:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:187:87: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:216:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:216:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:216:52: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:217:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:217:81: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:220:20: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:220:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:220:40: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:222:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:222:37: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:222:58: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:223:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:223:87: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:230:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:230:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:230:55: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:231:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:231:84: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:234:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:234:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:234:57: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:235:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:235:86: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:240:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:240:37: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:240:59: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:240:69: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:240:80: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:240:90: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:241:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:241:106: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:257:24: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:257:35: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:257:42: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:258:13: F841 local variable 'boxname' is assigned to but never used
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:258:31: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:258:42: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:260:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:260:32: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:260:38: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:261:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:261:67: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:268:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:268:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:268:49: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:269:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:269:78: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:275:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:275:37: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:275:61: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:275:71: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:275:93: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:276:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:276:109: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:280:20: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:280:40: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:280:60: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:283:14: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:351:20: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:351:40: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:351:60: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:356:14: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:366:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:366:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:366:55: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:367:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:367:84: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:374:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:374:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:374:57: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:375:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:375:86: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:377:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:377:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:377:57: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:378:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:378:86: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:386:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:386:40: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:386:46: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:387:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:387:75: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:407:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:407:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:407:53: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:408:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:408:82: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:416:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:416:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:416:48: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:417:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:417:77: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:425:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:425:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:425:46: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:426:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:426:75: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:434:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:434:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:434:49: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:435:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:435:78: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:443:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:443:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:443:49: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:444:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:444:78: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:449:30: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:449:39: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:449:46: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:450:24: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:450:32: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:450:62: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:455:30: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:455:38: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:455:59: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:456:34: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:456:88: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:465:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:465:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:465:51: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:466:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:466:80: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:474:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:474:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:474:57: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:475:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:475:86: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:483:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:483:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:483:52: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:484:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:484:81: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:492:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:492:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:492:51: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:493:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:493:80: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:501:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:501:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:501:49: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:502:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:502:78: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:507:20: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:507:28: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:507:35: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:509:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:509:37: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:509:52: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:510:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:510:81: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:513:30: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:513:39: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:513:46: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:514:13: F841 local variable 'target_url' is assigned to but never used
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:514:34: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:514:42: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:514:55: E703 statement ends with a semicolon
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:515:24: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:515:37: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:515:61: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:515:72: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:515:90: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:516:36: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:516:44: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:516:51: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:517:32: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:517:40: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:517:60: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:519:38: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:519:51: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:519:57: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:520:42: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:520:86: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:522:38: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:522:46: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:522:67: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:523:42: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:523:96: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:526:26: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:528:38: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:528:51: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:528:57: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:529:42: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:529:86: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:531:38: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:531:46: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:531:67: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:532:42: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:532:96: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:535:22: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:537:34: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:537:47: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:537:53: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:538:38: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:538:82: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:540:34: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:540:42: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:540:63: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:541:38: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:541:92: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:567:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:567:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:567:49: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:568:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:568:78: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:573:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:573:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:573:48: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:574:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:574:77: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:582:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:582:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:582:52: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:583:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:583:81: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:588:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:588:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:588:60: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:589:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:589:89: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:594:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:594:38: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:594:44: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:595:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:595:73: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:603:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:603:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:603:64: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:604:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:604:93: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:609:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:609:40: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:609:46: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:610:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:610:75: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:618:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:618:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:618:54: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:619:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:619:83: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:624:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:624:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:624:56: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:625:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:625:85: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:630:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:630:41: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:630:47: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:631:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:631:76: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:639:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:639:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:639:54: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:640:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:640:83: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:645:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:645:44: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:645:50: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:646:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:646:79: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:655:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:655:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:655:58: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:656:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:656:87: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:661:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:661:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:661:62: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:662:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:662:91: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:667:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:667:42: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:667:48: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:668:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:668:77: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:676:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:676:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:676:57: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:677:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:677:86: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:682:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:682:37: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:682:43: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:683:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:683:72: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:691:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:691:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:691:57: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:692:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:692:86: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:697:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:697:37: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:697:43: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:698:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:698:72: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:706:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:706:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:706:55: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:707:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:707:84: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:712:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:712:35: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:712:41: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:713:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:713:70: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:721:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:721:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:721:57: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:722:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:722:86: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:733:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:733:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:733:58: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:734:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:734:87: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:739:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:739:34: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:739:40: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:740:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:740:69: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:748:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:748:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:748:74: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:749:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:749:103: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:754:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:754:52: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:754:58: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:755:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:755:87: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:763:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:763:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:763:75: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:764:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:764:104: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:769:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:769:48: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:769:54: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:770:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:770:83: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:778:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:778:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:778:61: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:779:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:779:90: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:791:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:791:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:791:51: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:792:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:792:80: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:797:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:797:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:797:54: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:798:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:798:83: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:803:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:803:35: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:803:41: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:804:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:804:70: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:812:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:812:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:812:64: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:813:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:813:93: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:818:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:818:44: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:818:50: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:819:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:819:79: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:832:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:832:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:832:57: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:833:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:833:86: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:838:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:838:34: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:838:56: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:839:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:839:87: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:848:39: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:848:57: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:848:64: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:850:24: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:850:41: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:850:68: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:850:80: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:850:87: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:851:17: F841 local variable 'isChecked' is assigned to but never used
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:855:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:855:43: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:855:58: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:856:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:856:87: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:858:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:858:38: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:858:44: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:859:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:859:73: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:862:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:862:43: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:862:58: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:863:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:863:87: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:866:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:866:43: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:866:58: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:867:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:867:87: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:884:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:884:32: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:884:38: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:885:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:885:67: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:894:145: W291 trailing whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:895:127: W291 trailing whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:896:142: W291 trailing whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:897:132: W291 trailing whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:898:132: W291 trailing whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:899:130: W291 trailing whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:900:136: W291 trailing whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:901:126: W291 trailing whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:902:127: W291 trailing whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:903:127: W291 trailing whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:904:132: W291 trailing whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:905:140: W291 trailing whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:907:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:907:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:907:48: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:908:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:908:77: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:938:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:938:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:938:48: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:939:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:939:77: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:961:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:961:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:961:48: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:962:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:962:77: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:976:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:976:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:976:49: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:977:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:977:78: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:987:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:987:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:987:48: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:988:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:988:77: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:995:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:995:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:995:53: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:996:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:996:82: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:1006:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:1006:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:1006:46: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:1007:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:1007:75: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:1015:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:1015:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:1015:48: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:1016:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:1016:77: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:1035:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:1035:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:1035:48: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:1036:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:1036:77: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:1056:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:1056:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:1056:48: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:1057:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:1057:77: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:1060:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:1060:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:1060:47: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:1061:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:1061:76: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:1075:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:1075:37: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:1075:59: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:1075:69: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:1075:80: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:1075:90: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:1076:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:1076:108: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:1086:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:1086:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:1086:57: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:1087:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:1087:86: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:1097:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:1097:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:1097:55: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:1098:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:1098:84: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:1111:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:1111:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:1111:53: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:1112:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:1112:82: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:1122:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:1122:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:1122:54: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:1123:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:1123:83: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:1134:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:1134:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:1134:48: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:1135:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:1135:77: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:1156:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:1156:37: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:1156:59: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:1156:69: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:1156:80: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:1156:90: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:1157:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:1157:108: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:1167:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:1167:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:1167:47: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:1168:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:1168:76: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:1174:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:1174:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:1174:47: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:1175:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:1175:76: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:1183:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:1183:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:1183:61: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:1184:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:1184:90: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:1196:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:1196:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:1196:47: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:1197:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:1197:76: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:1203:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:1203:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:1203:47: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:1204:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:1204:76: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:1207:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:1207:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:1207:50: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:1208:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:1208:79: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:1211:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:1211:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:1211:48: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:1212:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:1212:77: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:1215:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:1215:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:1215:49: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:1216:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:1216:78: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:1233:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:1233:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:1233:48: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:1234:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:1234:77: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:1237:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:1237:37: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:1237:59: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:1237:69: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:1237:80: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:1237:90: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:1238:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:1238:108: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:1259:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:1259:31: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:1259:37: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:1260:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:1260:68: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:1279:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:1279:30: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:1279:46: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:1279:57: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:1279:64: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:1280:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:1280:76: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:1305:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:1307:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:1308:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:1310:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:1312:5: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:1315:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:1329:32: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:1331:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:1333:1: E305 expected 2 blank lines after class or function definition, found 1
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:1343:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/main.py:1348:1: W391 blank line at end of file
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/index.py:6:1: E303 too many blank lines (4)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/index.py:7:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/index.py:8:1: F401 'sys' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/index.py:10:1: F401 'os.path' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/index.py:14:5: F401 '__builtin__ as builtin' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/index.py:15:1: F401 'os.path.exists' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/index.py:15:1: F401 'os.path.getmtime' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/index.py:17:1: F401 'types' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/index.py:21:1: F403 'from Cheetah.DummyTransaction import *' used; unable to detect undefined names
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/index.py:22:1: F401 'Cheetah.NameMapper.NotFound' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/index.py:23:1: F401 'Cheetah.CacheRegion.CacheRegion' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/index.py:24:1: F401 'Cheetah.Filters' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/index.py:25:1: F401 'Cheetah.ErrorCatchers' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/index.py:26:1: F401 'Plugins.Extensions.OpenWebif.controllers.i18n.tstrings' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/index.py:29:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/index.py:30:6: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/index.py:31:5: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/index.py:32:4: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/index.py:33:12: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/index.py:44:7: E121 continuation line under-indented for hanging indent
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/index.py:45:70: E228 missing whitespace around modulo operator
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/index.py:46:10: E121 continuation line under-indented for hanging indent
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/index.py:49:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/index.py:54:5: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/index.py:57:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/index.py:63:18: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/index.py:64:35: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/index.py:66:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/index.py:68:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/index.py:72:9: E303 too many blank lines (3)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/index.py:72:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/index.py:74:37: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/index.py:76:21: F405 'DummyTransaction' may be undefined, or defined from star imports: Cheetah.DummyTransaction
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/index.py:78:13: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/index.py:82:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/index.py:84:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/index.py:85:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/index.py:100:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/index.py:100:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/index.py:100:50: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/index.py:101:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/index.py:101:79: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/index.py:106:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/index.py:108:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/index.py:109:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/index.py:111:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/index.py:113:5: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/index.py:116:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/index.py:130:33: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/index.py:132:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/index.py:134:1: E305 expected 2 blank lines after class or function definition, found 1
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/index.py:144:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/index.py:149:1: W391 blank line at end of file
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:6:1: E303 too many blank lines (4)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:7:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:8:1: F401 'sys' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:10:1: F401 'os.path' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:14:5: F401 '__builtin__ as builtin' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:15:1: F401 'os.path.exists' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:15:1: F401 'os.path.getmtime' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:17:1: F401 'types' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:21:1: F403 'from Cheetah.DummyTransaction import *' used; unable to detect undefined names
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:22:1: F401 'Cheetah.NameMapper.NotFound' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:23:1: F401 'Cheetah.CacheRegion.CacheRegion' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:24:1: F401 'Cheetah.Filters' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:25:1: F401 'Cheetah.ErrorCatchers' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:26:1: F401 'Plugins.Extensions.OpenWebif.controllers.i18n.tstrings' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:29:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:30:6: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:31:5: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:32:4: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:33:12: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:44:7: E121 continuation line under-indented for hanging indent
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:45:70: E228 missing whitespace around modulo operator
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:46:10: E121 continuation line under-indented for hanging indent
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:49:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:54:5: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:57:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:63:18: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:64:35: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:66:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:68:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:72:9: E303 too many blank lines (3)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:72:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:74:37: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:76:21: F405 'DummyTransaction' may be undefined, or defined from star imports: Cheetah.DummyTransaction
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:78:13: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:82:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:84:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:85:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:95:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:95:34: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:95:40: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:96:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:96:69: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:97:5: W291 trailing whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:99:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:99:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:99:39: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:100:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:100:68: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:102:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:102:34: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:102:40: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:103:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:103:69: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:105:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:105:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:105:49: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:106:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:106:78: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:108:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:108:31: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:108:55: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:109:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:109:83: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:111:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:111:34: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:111:40: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:112:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:112:69: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:115:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:115:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:115:39: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:116:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:116:68: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:118:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:118:34: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:118:40: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:119:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:119:69: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:121:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:121:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:121:55: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:122:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:122:84: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:124:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:124:34: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:124:40: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:125:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:125:69: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:131:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:131:34: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:131:40: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:132:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:132:69: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:141:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:141:31: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:141:80: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:142:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:142:108: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:149:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:149:31: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:149:56: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:150:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:150:84: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:152:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:152:31: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:152:54: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:153:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:153:82: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:158:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:158:31: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:158:56: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:159:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:159:84: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:164:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:164:31: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:164:56: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:165:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:165:84: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:173:9: F841 local variable 'sz' is assigned to but never used
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:173:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:173:31: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:173:57: E226 missing whitespace around arithmetic operator
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:173:63: E226 missing whitespace around arithmetic operator
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:175:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:175:27: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:175:33: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:176:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:176:62: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:178:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:178:27: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:178:33: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:179:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:179:62: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:187:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:187:31: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:187:57: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:188:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:188:85: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:190:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:190:31: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:190:55: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:191:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:191:83: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:196:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:196:31: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:196:57: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:197:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:197:85: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:202:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:202:31: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:202:60: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:203:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:203:88: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:214:30: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:214:44: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:214:51: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:215:24: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:215:43: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:215:61: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:215:68: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:215:75: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:217:30: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:217:38: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:217:44: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:218:34: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:218:73: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:221:18: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:223:30: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:223:38: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:223:44: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:224:34: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:224:73: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:227:13: F841 local variable 'tnum' is assigned to but never used
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:227:28: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:227:35: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:235:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:235:31: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:235:61: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:236:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:236:89: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:245:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:245:35: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:245:41: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:246:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:246:70: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:248:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:248:36: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:248:42: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:249:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:249:71: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:260:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:260:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:260:54: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:261:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:261:83: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:263:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:263:31: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:263:60: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:264:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:264:88: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:266:30: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:266:39: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:266:67: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:266:77: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:266:89: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:266:98: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:266:108: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:266:125: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:266:134: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:267:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:267:138: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:283:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:283:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:283:53: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:284:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:284:82: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:286:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:286:31: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:286:63: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:287:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:287:91: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:290:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:290:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:290:55: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:291:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:291:84: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:293:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:293:31: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:293:65: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:294:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:294:93: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:307:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:307:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:307:59: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:308:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:308:88: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:310:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:310:31: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:310:57: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:311:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:311:85: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:314:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:314:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:314:59: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:315:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:315:88: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:317:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:317:31: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:317:57: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:318:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:318:85: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:323:9: F841 local variable 'snr' is assigned to but never used
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:323:23: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:323:32: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:324:9: F841 local variable 'agc' is assigned to but never used
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:324:23: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:324:32: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:327:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:327:28: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:327:34: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:328:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:328:63: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:330:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:330:28: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:330:34: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:331:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:331:63: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:336:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:336:28: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:336:34: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:337:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:337:63: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:339:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:339:28: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:339:34: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:340:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:340:63: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:354:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:354:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:354:62: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:355:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:355:91: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:357:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:357:31: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:357:60: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:358:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:358:88: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:361:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:361:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:361:52: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:362:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:362:81: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:364:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:364:31: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:364:57: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:365:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:365:85: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:382:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:382:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:382:47: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:383:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:383:76: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:385:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:385:34: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:385:40: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:386:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:386:69: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:389:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:389:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:389:54: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:390:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:390:83: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:392:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:392:35: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:392:41: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:393:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:393:70: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:396:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:396:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:396:52: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:397:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:397:81: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:399:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:399:35: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:399:41: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:400:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:400:70: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:403:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:403:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:403:51: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:404:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:404:80: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:406:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:406:36: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:406:42: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:407:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:407:71: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:410:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:410:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:410:48: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:411:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:411:77: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:413:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:413:34: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:413:40: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:414:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:414:69: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:417:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:417:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:417:48: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:418:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:418:77: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:420:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:420:34: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:420:40: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:421:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:421:69: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:424:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:424:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:424:48: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:425:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:425:77: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:427:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:427:34: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:427:40: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:428:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:428:69: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:441:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:441:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:441:51: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:442:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:442:80: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:444:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:444:38: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:444:44: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:445:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:445:73: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:448:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:448:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:448:55: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:449:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:449:84: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:451:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:451:36: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:451:42: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:452:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:452:71: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:455:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:455:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:455:48: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:456:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:456:77: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:458:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:458:35: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:458:41: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:459:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:459:70: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:462:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:462:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:462:53: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:463:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:463:82: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:465:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:465:39: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:465:45: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:466:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:466:74: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:469:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:469:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:469:48: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:470:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:470:77: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:472:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:472:34: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:472:40: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:473:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:473:69: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:476:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:476:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:476:48: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:477:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:477:77: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:479:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:479:34: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:479:40: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:480:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:480:69: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:483:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:483:31: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:483:57: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:484:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:484:85: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:497:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:497:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:497:52: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:498:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:498:81: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:500:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:500:39: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:500:45: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:501:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:501:74: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:504:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:504:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:504:53: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:505:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:505:82: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:507:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:507:34: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:507:40: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:508:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:508:69: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:511:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:511:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:511:54: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:512:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:512:83: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:514:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:514:34: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:514:40: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:515:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:515:69: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:518:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:518:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:518:50: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:519:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:519:79: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:521:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:521:36: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:521:42: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:522:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:522:71: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:525:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:525:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:525:50: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:526:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:526:79: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:528:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:528:36: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:528:42: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:529:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:529:71: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:532:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:532:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:532:47: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:533:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:533:76: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:535:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:535:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:535:39: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:536:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:536:68: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:539:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:539:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:539:48: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:540:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:540:77: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:542:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:542:31: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:542:70: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:543:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:543:98: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:552:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:554:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:555:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:557:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:559:5: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:562:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:576:35: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:578:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:580:1: E305 expected 2 blank lines after class or function definition, found 1
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:590:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/current.py:595:1: W391 blank line at end of file
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/satellites.py:6:1: E303 too many blank lines (4)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/satellites.py:7:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/satellites.py:8:1: F401 'sys' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/satellites.py:10:1: F401 'os.path' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/satellites.py:14:5: F401 '__builtin__ as builtin' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/satellites.py:15:1: F401 'os.path.exists' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/satellites.py:15:1: F401 'os.path.getmtime' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/satellites.py:17:1: F401 'types' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/satellites.py:21:1: F403 'from Cheetah.DummyTransaction import *' used; unable to detect undefined names
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/satellites.py:22:1: F401 'Cheetah.NameMapper.NotFound' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/satellites.py:23:1: F401 'Cheetah.CacheRegion.CacheRegion' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/satellites.py:24:1: F401 'Cheetah.Filters' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/satellites.py:25:1: F401 'Cheetah.ErrorCatchers' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/satellites.py:26:1: F401 'six.moves.urllib.parse.quote' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/satellites.py:27:1: F401 'Plugins.Extensions.OpenWebif.controllers.i18n.tstrings' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/satellites.py:30:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/satellites.py:31:6: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/satellites.py:32:5: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/satellites.py:33:4: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/satellites.py:34:12: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/satellites.py:45:7: E121 continuation line under-indented for hanging indent
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/satellites.py:46:70: E228 missing whitespace around modulo operator
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/satellites.py:47:10: E121 continuation line under-indented for hanging indent
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/satellites.py:50:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/satellites.py:55:5: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/satellites.py:58:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/satellites.py:64:18: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/satellites.py:65:35: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/satellites.py:67:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/satellites.py:69:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/satellites.py:73:9: E303 too many blank lines (3)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/satellites.py:73:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/satellites.py:75:37: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/satellites.py:77:21: F405 'DummyTransaction' may be undefined, or defined from star imports: Cheetah.DummyTransaction
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/satellites.py:79:13: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/satellites.py:83:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/satellites.py:85:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/satellites.py:86:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/satellites.py:90:14: W291 trailing whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/satellites.py:95:12: W291 trailing whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/satellites.py:96:24: W291 trailing whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/satellites.py:103:34: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/satellites.py:103:47: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/satellites.py:103:54: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/satellites.py:105:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/satellites.py:105:34: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/satellites.py:105:50: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/satellites.py:105:70: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/satellites.py:105:77: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/satellites.py:106:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/satellites.py:106:89: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/satellites.py:108:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/satellites.py:108:34: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/satellites.py:108:40: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/satellites.py:109:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/satellites.py:109:69: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/satellites.py:111:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/satellites.py:111:43: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/satellites.py:111:49: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/satellites.py:112:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/satellites.py:112:78: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/satellites.py:122:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/satellites.py:124:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/satellites.py:125:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/satellites.py:127:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/satellites.py:129:5: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/satellites.py:132:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/satellites.py:146:38: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/satellites.py:148:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/satellites.py:150:1: E305 expected 2 blank lines after class or function definition, found 1
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/satellites.py:160:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/satellites.py:165:1: W391 blank line at end of file
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:6:1: E303 too many blank lines (4)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:7:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:8:1: F401 'sys' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:10:1: F401 'os.path' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:14:5: F401 '__builtin__ as builtin' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:15:1: F401 'os.path.exists' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:15:1: F401 'os.path.getmtime' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:17:1: F401 'types' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:21:1: F403 'from Cheetah.DummyTransaction import *' used; unable to detect undefined names
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:22:1: F401 'Cheetah.NameMapper.NotFound' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:23:1: F401 'Cheetah.CacheRegion.CacheRegion' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:24:1: F401 'Cheetah.Filters' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:25:1: F401 'Cheetah.ErrorCatchers' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:26:1: F401 'json.dumps' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:28:1: F401 'time.localtime' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:28:1: F401 'time.strftime' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:29:1: F401 'Plugins.Extensions.OpenWebif.controllers.i18n.tstrings' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:33:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:34:6: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:35:5: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:36:4: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:37:12: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:48:7: E121 continuation line under-indented for hanging indent
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:49:70: E228 missing whitespace around modulo operator
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:50:10: E121 continuation line under-indented for hanging indent
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:53:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:58:5: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:61:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:67:18: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:68:35: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:70:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:72:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:76:9: E303 too many blank lines (3)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:76:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:78:37: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:80:21: F405 'DummyTransaction' may be undefined, or defined from star imports: Cheetah.DummyTransaction
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:82:13: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:86:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:88:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:89:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:92:34: W601 .has_key() is deprecated, use 'in'
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:96:1: E101 indentation contains mixed spaces and tabs
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:96:4: E126 continuation line over-indented for hanging indent
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:104:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:104:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:104:49: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:105:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:105:78: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:112:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:112:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:112:47: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:113:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:113:76: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:117:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:117:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:117:50: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:118:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:118:79: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:121:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:121:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:121:47: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:122:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:122:76: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:125:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:125:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:125:47: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:126:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:126:76: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:129:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:129:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:129:47: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:130:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:130:76: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:133:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:133:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:133:47: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:134:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:134:76: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:142:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:142:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:142:49: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:143:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:143:78: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:146:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:146:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:146:52: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:147:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:147:81: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:150:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:150:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:150:56: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:151:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:151:85: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:154:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:154:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:154:56: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:155:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:155:85: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:166:20: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:166:35: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:166:55: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:170:14: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:173:28: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:173:37: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:173:50: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:175:30: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:175:41: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:175:60: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:176:34: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:176:89: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:181:30: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:181:39: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:181:46: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:184:34: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:184:53: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:185:35: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:185:48: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:186:13: F841 local variable 'metadata' is assigned to but never used
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:186:32: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:186:40: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:186:49: E201 whitespace after '{'
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:186:72: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:186:91: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:186:117: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:186:131: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:186:154: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:186:166: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:186:172: E202 whitespace before '}'
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:189:24: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:189:39: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:189:58: E203 whitespace before ':'
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:189:60: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:190:21: E222 multiple spaces after operator
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:190:68: W291 trailing whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:191:34: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:193:21: E222 multiple spaces after operator
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:193:25: W291 trailing whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:194:34: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:196:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:196:40: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:196:46: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:197:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:197:75: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:199:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:199:38: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:199:44: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:200:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:200:73: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:202:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:202:37: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:202:43: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:203:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:203:72: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:207:42: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:211:28: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:211:45: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:211:52: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:214:22: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:218:30: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:218:43: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:218:49: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:219:34: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:219:78: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:221:30: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:221:50: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:221:56: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:222:34: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:222:85: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:228:30: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:228:41: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:228:102: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:228:116: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:228:127: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:229:34: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:229:140: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:232:30: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:232:48: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:232:54: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:233:34: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:233:83: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:235:30: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:235:46: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:235:52: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:236:34: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:236:81: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:240:28: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:240:45: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:240:52: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:242:34: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:242:45: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:242:63: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:243:38: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:243:92: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:246:30: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:246:44: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:246:56: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:248:34: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:248:45: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:248:62: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:249:38: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:249:91: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:252:30: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:252:44: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:252:56: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:254:34: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:254:45: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:254:62: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:255:38: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:255:91: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:258:30: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:258:44: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:258:56: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:260:34: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:260:45: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:260:63: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:261:38: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:261:92: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:266:28: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:266:45: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:266:57: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:269:34: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:269:45: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:269:66: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:270:38: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:270:95: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:273:37: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:273:54: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:275:41: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:275:52: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:275:68: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:275:77: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:275:88: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:275:105: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:275:114: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:275:125: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:275:144: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:275:153: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:275:164: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:275:182: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:275:191: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:275:202: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:275:218: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:275:227: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:275:238: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:275:256: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:275:265: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:275:276: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:275:294: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:276:36: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:276:44: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:276:50: E227 missing whitespace around bitwise or shift operator
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:276:53: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:278:46: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:278:58: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:278:64: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:278:73: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:278:89: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:278:95: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:278:102: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:279:46: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:279:102: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:282:41: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:282:49: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:283:44: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:283:56: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:284:38: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:290:30: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:290:37: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:290:43: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:291:34: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:291:72: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:293:30: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:293:44: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:293:50: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:294:34: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:294:79: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:296:30: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:296:42: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:296:48: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:297:34: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:297:77: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:299:30: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:299:41: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:299:61: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:300:34: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:300:90: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:305:28: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:305:45: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:305:52: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:307:34: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:307:41: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:307:47: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:308:38: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:308:76: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:310:34: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:310:48: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:310:54: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:311:38: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:311:83: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:313:34: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:313:46: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:313:52: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:314:38: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:314:81: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:316:34: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:316:45: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:316:67: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:317:38: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:317:96: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:322:22: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:324:34: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:324:41: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:324:47: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:325:38: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:325:76: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:327:34: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:327:48: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:327:54: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:328:38: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:328:83: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:330:34: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:330:46: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:330:52: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:331:38: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:331:81: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:333:34: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:333:45: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:333:68: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:334:38: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:334:97: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:340:30: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:340:37: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:340:43: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:341:34: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:341:72: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:343:30: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:343:44: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:343:50: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:344:34: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:344:79: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:346:30: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:346:42: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:346:48: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:347:34: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:347:77: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:349:30: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:349:38: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:349:44: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:350:34: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:350:73: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:352:30: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:352:41: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:352:63: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:353:34: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:353:92: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:360:18: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:367:28: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:367:45: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:367:52: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:370:30: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:370:44: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:370:56: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:371:32: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:371:49: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:371:61: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:374:26: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:377:30: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:377:44: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:377:56: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:380:30: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:380:44: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:380:56: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:384:30: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:384:43: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:384:49: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:385:34: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:385:78: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:388:30: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:388:50: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:388:56: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:389:34: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:389:85: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:395:17: F841 local variable 'sref' is assigned to but never used
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:395:38: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:395:57: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:396:17: F841 local variable 'tname' is assigned to but never used
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:396:39: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:396:52: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:400:30: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:400:41: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:400:61: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:401:34: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:401:90: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:404:30: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:404:37: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:404:43: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:405:34: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:405:72: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:407:30: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:407:44: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:407:50: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:408:34: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:408:79: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:410:30: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:410:42: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:410:48: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:411:34: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:411:77: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:414:28: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:414:45: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:414:52: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:416:34: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:416:45: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:416:67: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:417:38: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:417:96: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:420:22: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:422:34: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:422:45: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:422:68: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:423:38: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:423:97: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:427:30: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:427:37: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:427:43: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:428:34: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:428:72: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:430:30: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:430:44: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:430:50: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:431:34: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:431:79: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:433:30: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:433:42: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:433:48: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:434:34: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:434:77: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:436:30: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:436:38: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:436:44: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:437:34: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:437:73: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:439:30: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:439:41: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:439:63: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:440:34: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:440:92: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:451:30: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:451:48: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:451:54: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:452:34: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:452:83: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:455:28: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:455:45: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:455:57: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:457:34: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:457:50: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:457:56: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:458:38: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:458:85: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:461:34: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:461:40: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:461:56: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:461:73: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:461:85: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:462:38: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:462:97: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:464:34: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:464:45: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:464:59: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:465:38: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:465:88: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:468:28: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:468:45: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:468:57: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:471:34: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:471:45: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:471:66: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:472:38: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:472:95: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:475:37: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:475:54: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:476:21: F841 local variable 'timerDays' is assigned to but never used
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:477:41: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:477:52: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:477:68: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:477:77: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:477:88: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:477:105: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:477:114: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:477:125: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:477:144: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:477:153: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:477:164: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:477:182: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:477:191: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:477:202: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:477:218: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:477:227: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:477:238: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:477:256: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:477:265: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:477:276: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:477:294: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:478:36: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:478:44: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:478:50: E227 missing whitespace around bitwise or shift operator
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:478:53: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:480:46: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:480:58: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:480:64: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:480:73: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:480:89: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:480:95: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:480:102: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:481:46: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:481:102: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:484:25: F841 local variable 'flags' is assigned to but never used
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:484:41: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:484:49: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:485:44: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:485:56: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:486:38: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:492:28: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:492:45: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:492:52: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:494:34: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:494:45: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:494:63: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:495:38: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:495:92: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:498:30: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:498:44: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:498:56: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:500:34: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:500:45: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:500:62: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:501:38: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:501:91: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:504:30: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:504:44: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:504:56: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:506:34: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:506:45: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:506:62: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:507:38: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:507:91: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:510:30: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:510:44: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:510:56: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:512:34: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:512:45: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:512:63: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:513:38: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:513:92: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:520:30: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:520:50: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:520:56: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:521:34: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:521:85: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:551:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:553:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:554:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:556:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:558:5: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:561:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:575:34: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:577:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:579:1: E305 expected 2 blank lines after class or function definition, found 1
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:589:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/timers.py:594:1: W391 blank line at end of file
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/bqe.py:6:1: E303 too many blank lines (4)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/bqe.py:7:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/bqe.py:8:1: F401 'sys' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/bqe.py:10:1: F401 'os.path' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/bqe.py:14:5: F401 '__builtin__ as builtin' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/bqe.py:15:1: F401 'os.path.exists' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/bqe.py:15:1: F401 'os.path.getmtime' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/bqe.py:17:1: F401 'types' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/bqe.py:21:1: F403 'from Cheetah.DummyTransaction import *' used; unable to detect undefined names
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/bqe.py:22:1: F401 'Cheetah.NameMapper.NotFound' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/bqe.py:23:1: F401 'Cheetah.CacheRegion.CacheRegion' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/bqe.py:24:1: F401 'Cheetah.Filters' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/bqe.py:25:1: F401 'Cheetah.ErrorCatchers' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/bqe.py:26:1: F401 'Plugins.Extensions.OpenWebif.controllers.i18n.tstrings' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/bqe.py:27:1: F401 'Plugins.Extensions.OpenWebif.vtiaddon.showPiconBackground' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/bqe.py:27:1: F401 'Plugins.Extensions.OpenWebif.vtiaddon.showPicons' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/bqe.py:30:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/bqe.py:31:6: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/bqe.py:32:5: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/bqe.py:33:4: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/bqe.py:34:12: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/bqe.py:45:7: E121 continuation line under-indented for hanging indent
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/bqe.py:46:70: E228 missing whitespace around modulo operator
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/bqe.py:47:10: E121 continuation line under-indented for hanging indent
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/bqe.py:50:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/bqe.py:55:5: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/bqe.py:58:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/bqe.py:64:18: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/bqe.py:65:35: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/bqe.py:67:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/bqe.py:69:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/bqe.py:73:9: E303 too many blank lines (3)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/bqe.py:73:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/bqe.py:75:37: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/bqe.py:77:21: F405 'DummyTransaction' may be undefined, or defined from star imports: Cheetah.DummyTransaction
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/bqe.py:79:13: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/bqe.py:83:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/bqe.py:85:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/bqe.py:86:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/bqe.py:89:34: W601 .has_key() is deprecated, use 'in'
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/bqe.py:93:1: E101 indentation contains mixed spaces and tabs
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/bqe.py:93:4: E126 continuation line over-indented for hanging indent
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/bqe.py:101:20: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/bqe.py:101:42: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/bqe.py:101:49: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/bqe.py:102:13: F841 local variable 'piconCssClass' is assigned to but never used
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/bqe.py:147:20: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/bqe.py:147:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/bqe.py:147:40: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/bqe.py:155:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/bqe.py:155:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/bqe.py:155:46: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/bqe.py:156:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/bqe.py:156:75: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/bqe.py:187:20: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/bqe.py:187:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/bqe.py:187:40: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/bqe.py:196:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/bqe.py:196:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/bqe.py:196:49: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/bqe.py:197:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/bqe.py:197:78: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/bqe.py:205:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/bqe.py:205:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/bqe.py:205:46: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/bqe.py:206:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/bqe.py:206:75: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/bqe.py:211:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/bqe.py:211:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/bqe.py:211:63: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/bqe.py:212:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/bqe.py:212:92: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/bqe.py:228:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/bqe.py:228:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/bqe.py:228:57: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/bqe.py:229:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/bqe.py:229:86: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/bqe.py:236:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/bqe.py:236:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/bqe.py:236:49: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/bqe.py:237:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/bqe.py:237:78: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/bqe.py:243:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/bqe.py:243:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/bqe.py:243:49: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/bqe.py:244:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/bqe.py:244:78: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/bqe.py:247:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/bqe.py:247:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/bqe.py:247:49: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/bqe.py:248:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/bqe.py:248:78: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/bqe.py:261:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/bqe.py:261:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/bqe.py:261:53: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/bqe.py:262:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/bqe.py:262:82: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/bqe.py:268:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/bqe.py:268:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/bqe.py:268:52: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/bqe.py:269:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/bqe.py:269:81: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/bqe.py:275:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/bqe.py:275:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/bqe.py:275:55: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/bqe.py:276:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/bqe.py:276:84: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/bqe.py:284:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/bqe.py:284:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/bqe.py:284:53: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/bqe.py:285:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/bqe.py:285:82: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/bqe.py:291:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/bqe.py:291:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/bqe.py:291:48: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/bqe.py:292:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/bqe.py:292:77: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/bqe.py:306:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/bqe.py:306:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/bqe.py:306:53: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/bqe.py:307:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/bqe.py:307:82: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/bqe.py:309:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/bqe.py:309:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/bqe.py:309:52: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/bqe.py:310:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/bqe.py:310:81: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/bqe.py:322:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/bqe.py:322:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/bqe.py:322:54: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/bqe.py:323:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/bqe.py:323:83: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/bqe.py:332:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/bqe.py:332:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/bqe.py:332:70: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/bqe.py:333:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/bqe.py:333:99: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/bqe.py:341:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/bqe.py:341:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/bqe.py:341:51: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/bqe.py:342:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/bqe.py:342:80: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/bqe.py:354:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/bqe.py:354:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/bqe.py:354:54: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/bqe.py:355:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/bqe.py:355:83: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/bqe.py:366:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/bqe.py:366:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/bqe.py:366:62: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/bqe.py:367:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/bqe.py:367:91: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/bqe.py:374:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/bqe.py:374:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/bqe.py:374:58: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/bqe.py:375:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/bqe.py:375:87: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/bqe.py:378:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/bqe.py:378:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/bqe.py:378:62: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/bqe.py:379:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/bqe.py:379:91: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/bqe.py:389:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/bqe.py:389:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/bqe.py:389:51: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/bqe.py:390:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/bqe.py:390:80: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/bqe.py:402:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/bqe.py:402:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/bqe.py:402:54: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/bqe.py:403:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/bqe.py:403:83: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/bqe.py:412:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/bqe.py:412:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/bqe.py:412:53: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/bqe.py:413:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/bqe.py:413:82: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/bqe.py:416:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/bqe.py:416:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/bqe.py:416:56: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/bqe.py:417:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/bqe.py:417:85: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/bqe.py:420:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/bqe.py:420:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/bqe.py:420:56: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/bqe.py:421:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/bqe.py:421:85: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/bqe.py:429:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/bqe.py:429:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/bqe.py:429:51: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/bqe.py:430:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/bqe.py:430:80: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/bqe.py:442:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/bqe.py:442:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/bqe.py:442:54: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/bqe.py:443:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/bqe.py:443:83: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/bqe.py:452:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/bqe.py:452:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/bqe.py:452:54: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/bqe.py:453:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/bqe.py:453:83: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/bqe.py:456:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/bqe.py:456:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/bqe.py:456:57: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/bqe.py:457:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/bqe.py:457:86: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/bqe.py:460:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/bqe.py:460:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/bqe.py:460:57: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/bqe.py:461:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/bqe.py:461:86: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/bqe.py:464:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/bqe.py:464:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/bqe.py:464:53: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/bqe.py:465:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/bqe.py:465:82: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/bqe.py:468:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/bqe.py:468:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/bqe.py:468:49: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/bqe.py:469:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/bqe.py:469:78: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/bqe.py:480:85: W291 trailing whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/bqe.py:482:94: W291 trailing whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/bqe.py:499:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/bqe.py:501:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/bqe.py:502:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/bqe.py:504:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/bqe.py:506:5: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/bqe.py:509:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/bqe.py:523:31: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/bqe.py:525:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/bqe.py:527:1: E305 expected 2 blank lines after class or function definition, found 1
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/bqe.py:537:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/bqe.py:542:1: W391 blank line at end of file
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/providers.py:6:1: E303 too many blank lines (4)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/providers.py:7:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/providers.py:8:1: F401 'sys' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/providers.py:10:1: F401 'os.path' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/providers.py:14:5: F401 '__builtin__ as builtin' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/providers.py:15:1: F401 'os.path.exists' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/providers.py:15:1: F401 'os.path.getmtime' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/providers.py:17:1: F401 'types' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/providers.py:21:1: F403 'from Cheetah.DummyTransaction import *' used; unable to detect undefined names
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/providers.py:22:1: F401 'Cheetah.NameMapper.NotFound' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/providers.py:23:1: F401 'Cheetah.CacheRegion.CacheRegion' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/providers.py:24:1: F401 'Cheetah.Filters' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/providers.py:25:1: F401 'Cheetah.ErrorCatchers' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/providers.py:26:1: F401 'six.moves.urllib.parse.quote' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/providers.py:29:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/providers.py:30:6: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/providers.py:31:5: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/providers.py:32:4: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/providers.py:33:12: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/providers.py:44:7: E121 continuation line under-indented for hanging indent
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/providers.py:45:70: E228 missing whitespace around modulo operator
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/providers.py:46:10: E121 continuation line under-indented for hanging indent
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/providers.py:49:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/providers.py:54:5: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/providers.py:57:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/providers.py:63:18: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/providers.py:64:35: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/providers.py:66:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/providers.py:68:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/providers.py:72:9: E303 too many blank lines (3)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/providers.py:72:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/providers.py:74:37: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/providers.py:76:21: F405 'DummyTransaction' may be undefined, or defined from star imports: Cheetah.DummyTransaction
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/providers.py:78:13: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/providers.py:82:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/providers.py:84:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/providers.py:85:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/providers.py:89:14: W291 trailing whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/providers.py:94:39: W291 trailing whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/providers.py:95:12: W291 trailing whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/providers.py:96:24: W291 trailing whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/providers.py:97:23: W291 trailing whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/providers.py:103:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/providers.py:103:45: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/providers.py:103:52: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/providers.py:105:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/providers.py:105:34: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/providers.py:105:50: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/providers.py:105:61: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/providers.py:105:71: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/providers.py:106:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/providers.py:106:83: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/providers.py:108:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/providers.py:108:34: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/providers.py:108:40: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/providers.py:109:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/providers.py:109:69: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/providers.py:111:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/providers.py:111:37: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/providers.py:111:46: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/providers.py:112:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/providers.py:112:75: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/providers.py:122:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/providers.py:124:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/providers.py:125:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/providers.py:127:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/providers.py:129:5: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/providers.py:132:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/providers.py:146:37: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/providers.py:148:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/providers.py:150:1: E305 expected 2 blank lines after class or function definition, found 1
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/providers.py:160:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/providers.py:165:1: W391 blank line at end of file
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/boxinfo.py:6:1: E303 too many blank lines (4)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/boxinfo.py:7:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/boxinfo.py:8:1: F401 'sys' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/boxinfo.py:10:1: F401 'os.path' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/boxinfo.py:14:5: F401 '__builtin__ as builtin' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/boxinfo.py:15:1: F401 'os.path.exists' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/boxinfo.py:15:1: F401 'os.path.getmtime' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/boxinfo.py:17:1: F401 'types' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/boxinfo.py:21:1: F403 'from Cheetah.DummyTransaction import *' used; unable to detect undefined names
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/boxinfo.py:22:1: F401 'Cheetah.NameMapper.NotFound' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/boxinfo.py:23:1: F401 'Cheetah.CacheRegion.CacheRegion' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/boxinfo.py:24:1: F401 'Cheetah.Filters' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/boxinfo.py:25:1: F401 'Cheetah.ErrorCatchers' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/boxinfo.py:26:1: F401 'Plugins.Extensions.OpenWebif.controllers.i18n.tstrings' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/boxinfo.py:29:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/boxinfo.py:30:6: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/boxinfo.py:31:5: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/boxinfo.py:32:4: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/boxinfo.py:33:12: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/boxinfo.py:44:7: E121 continuation line under-indented for hanging indent
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/boxinfo.py:45:70: E228 missing whitespace around modulo operator
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/boxinfo.py:46:10: E121 continuation line under-indented for hanging indent
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/boxinfo.py:49:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/boxinfo.py:54:5: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/boxinfo.py:57:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/boxinfo.py:63:18: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/boxinfo.py:64:35: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/boxinfo.py:66:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/boxinfo.py:68:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/boxinfo.py:72:9: E303 too many blank lines (3)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/boxinfo.py:72:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/boxinfo.py:74:37: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/boxinfo.py:76:21: F405 'DummyTransaction' may be undefined, or defined from star imports: Cheetah.DummyTransaction
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/boxinfo.py:78:13: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/boxinfo.py:82:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/boxinfo.py:84:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/boxinfo.py:85:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/boxinfo.py:93:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/boxinfo.py:93:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/boxinfo.py:93:51: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/boxinfo.py:94:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/boxinfo.py:94:80: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/boxinfo.py:103:20: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/boxinfo.py:103:31: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/boxinfo.py:103:55: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/boxinfo.py:105:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/boxinfo.py:105:37: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/boxinfo.py:105:43: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/boxinfo.py:106:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/boxinfo.py:106:74: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/boxinfo.py:109:14: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/boxinfo.py:119:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/boxinfo.py:119:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/boxinfo.py:119:46: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/boxinfo.py:120:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/boxinfo.py:120:75: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/boxinfo.py:127:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/boxinfo.py:127:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/boxinfo.py:127:48: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/boxinfo.py:128:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/boxinfo.py:128:77: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/boxinfo.py:130:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/boxinfo.py:130:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/boxinfo.py:130:48: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/boxinfo.py:131:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/boxinfo.py:131:77: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/boxinfo.py:136:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/boxinfo.py:136:30: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/boxinfo.py:136:36: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/boxinfo.py:137:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/boxinfo.py:137:65: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/boxinfo.py:139:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/boxinfo.py:139:30: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/boxinfo.py:139:36: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/boxinfo.py:140:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/boxinfo.py:140:65: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/boxinfo.py:147:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/boxinfo.py:147:51: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/boxinfo.py:147:57: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/boxinfo.py:148:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/boxinfo.py:148:86: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/boxinfo.py:153:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/boxinfo.py:153:44: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/boxinfo.py:153:50: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/boxinfo.py:154:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/boxinfo.py:154:79: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/boxinfo.py:161:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/boxinfo.py:161:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/boxinfo.py:161:54: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/boxinfo.py:162:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/boxinfo.py:162:83: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/boxinfo.py:167:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/boxinfo.py:167:29: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/boxinfo.py:167:35: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/boxinfo.py:168:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/boxinfo.py:168:64: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/boxinfo.py:175:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/boxinfo.py:175:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/boxinfo.py:175:53: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/boxinfo.py:176:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/boxinfo.py:176:82: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/boxinfo.py:181:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/boxinfo.py:181:31: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/boxinfo.py:181:37: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/boxinfo.py:182:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/boxinfo.py:182:66: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/boxinfo.py:195:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/boxinfo.py:195:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/boxinfo.py:195:51: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/boxinfo.py:196:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/boxinfo.py:196:80: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/boxinfo.py:203:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/boxinfo.py:203:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/boxinfo.py:203:53: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/boxinfo.py:204:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/boxinfo.py:204:82: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/boxinfo.py:209:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/boxinfo.py:209:30: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/boxinfo.py:209:36: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/boxinfo.py:210:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/boxinfo.py:210:65: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/boxinfo.py:217:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/boxinfo.py:217:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/boxinfo.py:217:59: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/boxinfo.py:218:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/boxinfo.py:218:88: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/boxinfo.py:223:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/boxinfo.py:223:44: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/boxinfo.py:223:50: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/boxinfo.py:224:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/boxinfo.py:224:79: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/boxinfo.py:226:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/boxinfo.py:226:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/boxinfo.py:226:39: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/boxinfo.py:227:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/boxinfo.py:227:68: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/boxinfo.py:229:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/boxinfo.py:229:34: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/boxinfo.py:229:40: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/boxinfo.py:230:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/boxinfo.py:230:69: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/boxinfo.py:237:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/boxinfo.py:237:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/boxinfo.py:237:57: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/boxinfo.py:238:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/boxinfo.py:238:86: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/boxinfo.py:240:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/boxinfo.py:240:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/boxinfo.py:240:54: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/boxinfo.py:241:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/boxinfo.py:241:83: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/boxinfo.py:246:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/boxinfo.py:246:34: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/boxinfo.py:246:40: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/boxinfo.py:247:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/boxinfo.py:247:69: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/boxinfo.py:249:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/boxinfo.py:249:35: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/boxinfo.py:249:41: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/boxinfo.py:250:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/boxinfo.py:250:70: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/boxinfo.py:263:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/boxinfo.py:263:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/boxinfo.py:263:49: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/boxinfo.py:264:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/boxinfo.py:264:78: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/boxinfo.py:270:30: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/boxinfo.py:270:39: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/boxinfo.py:270:46: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/boxinfo.py:272:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/boxinfo.py:272:36: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/boxinfo.py:272:42: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/boxinfo.py:273:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/boxinfo.py:273:71: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/boxinfo.py:278:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/boxinfo.py:278:39: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/boxinfo.py:278:45: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/boxinfo.py:279:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/boxinfo.py:279:74: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/boxinfo.py:284:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/boxinfo.py:284:39: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/boxinfo.py:284:45: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/boxinfo.py:285:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/boxinfo.py:285:74: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/boxinfo.py:288:24: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/boxinfo.py:288:37: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/boxinfo.py:288:50: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/boxinfo.py:290:30: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/boxinfo.py:290:43: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/boxinfo.py:290:49: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/boxinfo.py:291:34: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/boxinfo.py:291:78: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/boxinfo.py:294:24: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/boxinfo.py:294:36: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/boxinfo.py:294:49: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/boxinfo.py:296:30: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/boxinfo.py:296:42: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/boxinfo.py:296:48: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/boxinfo.py:297:34: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/boxinfo.py:297:77: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/boxinfo.py:309:20: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/boxinfo.py:309:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/boxinfo.py:309:42: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/boxinfo.py:309:52: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/boxinfo.py:309:64: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/boxinfo.py:315:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/boxinfo.py:315:37: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/boxinfo.py:315:60: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/boxinfo.py:316:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/boxinfo.py:316:89: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/boxinfo.py:322:35: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/boxinfo.py:322:45: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/boxinfo.py:322:52: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/boxinfo.py:324:30: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/boxinfo.py:324:40: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/boxinfo.py:324:46: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/boxinfo.py:325:34: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/boxinfo.py:325:75: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/boxinfo.py:330:30: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/boxinfo.py:330:42: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/boxinfo.py:330:48: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/boxinfo.py:331:34: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/boxinfo.py:331:77: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/boxinfo.py:336:28: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/boxinfo.py:336:42: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/boxinfo.py:336:56: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/boxinfo.py:338:34: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/boxinfo.py:338:48: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/boxinfo.py:338:54: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/boxinfo.py:339:38: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/boxinfo.py:339:83: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/boxinfo.py:341:34: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/boxinfo.py:341:45: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/boxinfo.py:341:65: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/boxinfo.py:342:38: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/boxinfo.py:342:94: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/boxinfo.py:345:22: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/boxinfo.py:347:34: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/boxinfo.py:347:48: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/boxinfo.py:347:54: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/boxinfo.py:348:38: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/boxinfo.py:348:83: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/boxinfo.py:369:27: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/boxinfo.py:369:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/boxinfo.py:369:40: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/boxinfo.py:371:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/boxinfo.py:371:36: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/boxinfo.py:371:42: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/boxinfo.py:372:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/boxinfo.py:372:71: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/boxinfo.py:377:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/boxinfo.py:377:37: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/boxinfo.py:377:56: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/boxinfo.py:378:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/boxinfo.py:378:85: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/boxinfo.py:383:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/boxinfo.py:383:37: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/boxinfo.py:383:43: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/boxinfo.py:384:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/boxinfo.py:384:72: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/boxinfo.py:391:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/boxinfo.py:391:37: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/boxinfo.py:391:55: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/boxinfo.py:392:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/boxinfo.py:392:84: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/boxinfo.py:397:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/boxinfo.py:397:48: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/boxinfo.py:397:54: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/boxinfo.py:398:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/boxinfo.py:398:83: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/boxinfo.py:400:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/boxinfo.py:400:37: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/boxinfo.py:400:43: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/boxinfo.py:401:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/boxinfo.py:401:72: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/boxinfo.py:412:20: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/boxinfo.py:412:29: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/boxinfo.py:412:36: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/boxinfo.py:418:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/boxinfo.py:418:37: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/boxinfo.py:418:60: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/boxinfo.py:419:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/boxinfo.py:419:89: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/boxinfo.py:425:34: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/boxinfo.py:425:43: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/boxinfo.py:425:50: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/boxinfo.py:427:30: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/boxinfo.py:427:40: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/boxinfo.py:427:46: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/boxinfo.py:428:34: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/boxinfo.py:428:75: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/boxinfo.py:433:30: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/boxinfo.py:433:43: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/boxinfo.py:433:49: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/boxinfo.py:434:34: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/boxinfo.py:434:78: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/boxinfo.py:439:30: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/boxinfo.py:439:43: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/boxinfo.py:439:49: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/boxinfo.py:440:34: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/boxinfo.py:440:78: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/boxinfo.py:442:30: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/boxinfo.py:442:41: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/boxinfo.py:442:56: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/boxinfo.py:443:34: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/boxinfo.py:443:85: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/boxinfo.py:445:30: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/boxinfo.py:445:45: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/boxinfo.py:445:51: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/boxinfo.py:446:34: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/boxinfo.py:446:80: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/boxinfo.py:448:30: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/boxinfo.py:448:43: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/boxinfo.py:448:49: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/boxinfo.py:449:34: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/boxinfo.py:449:78: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/boxinfo.py:451:30: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/boxinfo.py:451:54: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/boxinfo.py:451:60: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/boxinfo.py:452:34: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/boxinfo.py:452:89: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/boxinfo.py:457:17: F841 local variable 'divider' is assigned to but never used
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/boxinfo.py:463:30: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/boxinfo.py:463:39: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/boxinfo.py:463:46: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/boxinfo.py:469:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/boxinfo.py:469:37: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/boxinfo.py:469:64: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/boxinfo.py:470:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/boxinfo.py:470:93: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/boxinfo.py:472:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/boxinfo.py:472:39: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/boxinfo.py:472:45: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/boxinfo.py:473:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/boxinfo.py:473:74: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/boxinfo.py:475:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/boxinfo.py:475:46: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/boxinfo.py:475:52: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/boxinfo.py:476:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/boxinfo.py:476:81: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/boxinfo.py:483:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/boxinfo.py:483:37: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/boxinfo.py:483:56: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/boxinfo.py:484:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/boxinfo.py:484:85: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/boxinfo.py:489:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/boxinfo.py:489:44: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/boxinfo.py:489:50: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/boxinfo.py:490:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/boxinfo.py:490:79: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/boxinfo.py:497:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/boxinfo.py:497:37: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/boxinfo.py:497:58: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/boxinfo.py:498:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/boxinfo.py:498:87: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/boxinfo.py:503:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/boxinfo.py:503:38: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/boxinfo.py:503:44: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/boxinfo.py:504:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/boxinfo.py:504:73: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/boxinfo.py:511:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/boxinfo.py:511:37: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/boxinfo.py:511:59: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/boxinfo.py:512:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/boxinfo.py:512:88: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/boxinfo.py:517:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/boxinfo.py:517:39: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/boxinfo.py:517:45: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/boxinfo.py:518:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/boxinfo.py:518:74: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/boxinfo.py:520:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/boxinfo.py:520:43: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/boxinfo.py:520:49: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/boxinfo.py:521:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/boxinfo.py:521:78: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/boxinfo.py:526:24: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/boxinfo.py:526:35: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/boxinfo.py:526:55: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/boxinfo.py:530:30: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/boxinfo.py:530:41: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/boxinfo.py:530:63: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/boxinfo.py:531:34: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/boxinfo.py:531:92: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/boxinfo.py:536:30: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/boxinfo.py:536:41: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/boxinfo.py:536:47: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/boxinfo.py:537:34: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/boxinfo.py:537:76: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/boxinfo.py:539:30: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/boxinfo.py:539:47: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/boxinfo.py:539:53: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/boxinfo.py:540:34: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/boxinfo.py:540:82: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/boxinfo.py:542:30: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/boxinfo.py:542:41: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/boxinfo.py:542:54: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/boxinfo.py:543:34: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/boxinfo.py:543:83: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/boxinfo.py:545:30: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/boxinfo.py:545:41: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/boxinfo.py:545:47: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/boxinfo.py:546:34: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/boxinfo.py:546:76: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/boxinfo.py:548:30: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/boxinfo.py:548:49: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/boxinfo.py:548:55: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/boxinfo.py:549:34: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/boxinfo.py:549:84: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/boxinfo.py:563:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/boxinfo.py:565:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/boxinfo.py:566:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/boxinfo.py:568:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/boxinfo.py:570:5: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/boxinfo.py:573:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/boxinfo.py:587:35: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/boxinfo.py:589:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/boxinfo.py:591:1: E305 expected 2 blank lines after class or function definition, found 1
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/boxinfo.py:601:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/boxinfo.py:606:1: W391 blank line at end of file
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/radio.py:6:1: E303 too many blank lines (4)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/radio.py:7:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/radio.py:8:1: F401 'sys' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/radio.py:10:1: F401 'os.path' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/radio.py:14:5: F401 '__builtin__ as builtin' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/radio.py:15:1: F401 'os.path.exists' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/radio.py:15:1: F401 'os.path.getmtime' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/radio.py:17:1: F401 'types' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/radio.py:21:1: F403 'from Cheetah.DummyTransaction import *' used; unable to detect undefined names
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/radio.py:22:1: F401 'Cheetah.NameMapper.NotFound' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/radio.py:23:1: F401 'Cheetah.CacheRegion.CacheRegion' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/radio.py:24:1: F401 'Cheetah.Filters' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/radio.py:25:1: F401 'Cheetah.ErrorCatchers' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/radio.py:26:1: F401 'Plugins.Extensions.OpenWebif.controllers.i18n.tstrings' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/radio.py:29:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/radio.py:30:6: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/radio.py:31:5: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/radio.py:32:4: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/radio.py:33:12: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/radio.py:44:7: E121 continuation line under-indented for hanging indent
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/radio.py:45:70: E228 missing whitespace around modulo operator
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/radio.py:46:10: E121 continuation line under-indented for hanging indent
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/radio.py:49:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/radio.py:54:5: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/radio.py:57:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/radio.py:63:18: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/radio.py:64:35: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/radio.py:66:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/radio.py:68:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/radio.py:72:9: E303 too many blank lines (3)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/radio.py:72:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/radio.py:74:37: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/radio.py:76:21: F405 'DummyTransaction' may be undefined, or defined from star imports: Cheetah.DummyTransaction
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/radio.py:78:13: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/radio.py:82:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/radio.py:84:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/radio.py:85:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/radio.py:95:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/radio.py:95:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/radio.py:95:48: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/radio.py:96:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/radio.py:96:77: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/radio.py:106:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/radio.py:106:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/radio.py:106:51: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/radio.py:107:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/radio.py:107:80: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/radio.py:110:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/radio.py:110:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/radio.py:110:52: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/radio.py:111:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/radio.py:111:81: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/radio.py:114:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/radio.py:114:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/radio.py:114:53: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/radio.py:115:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/radio.py:115:82: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/radio.py:118:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/radio.py:118:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/radio.py:118:55: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/radio.py:119:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/radio.py:119:84: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/radio.py:122:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/radio.py:122:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/radio.py:122:50: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/radio.py:123:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/radio.py:123:79: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/radio.py:145:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/radio.py:147:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/radio.py:148:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/radio.py:150:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/radio.py:152:5: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/radio.py:155:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/radio.py:169:33: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/radio.py:171:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/radio.py:173:1: E305 expected 2 blank lines after class or function definition, found 1
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/radio.py:183:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/radio.py:188:1: W391 blank line at end of file
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/movies.py:6:1: E303 too many blank lines (4)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/movies.py:7:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/movies.py:8:1: F401 'sys' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/movies.py:10:1: F401 'os.path' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/movies.py:14:5: F401 '__builtin__ as builtin' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/movies.py:15:1: F401 'os.path.exists' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/movies.py:15:1: F401 'os.path.getmtime' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/movies.py:17:1: F401 'types' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/movies.py:21:1: F403 'from Cheetah.DummyTransaction import *' used; unable to detect undefined names
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/movies.py:22:1: F401 'Cheetah.NameMapper.NotFound' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/movies.py:23:1: F401 'Cheetah.CacheRegion.CacheRegion' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/movies.py:24:1: F401 'Cheetah.Filters' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/movies.py:25:1: F401 'Cheetah.ErrorCatchers' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/movies.py:26:1: F401 'six.moves.urllib.parse.quote' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/movies.py:27:1: F401 'time.localtime' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/movies.py:27:1: F401 'time.strftime' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/movies.py:28:1: F401 'Plugins.Extensions.OpenWebif.controllers.i18n.tstrings' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/movies.py:29:1: F401 'Plugins.Extensions.OpenWebif.vtiaddon.MinMovieList' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/movies.py:32:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/movies.py:33:6: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/movies.py:34:5: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/movies.py:35:4: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/movies.py:36:12: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/movies.py:47:7: E121 continuation line under-indented for hanging indent
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/movies.py:48:70: E228 missing whitespace around modulo operator
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/movies.py:49:10: E121 continuation line under-indented for hanging indent
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/movies.py:52:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/movies.py:57:5: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/movies.py:60:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/movies.py:66:18: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/movies.py:67:35: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/movies.py:69:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/movies.py:71:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/movies.py:75:9: E303 too many blank lines (3)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/movies.py:75:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/movies.py:77:37: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/movies.py:79:21: F405 'DummyTransaction' may be undefined, or defined from star imports: Cheetah.DummyTransaction
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/movies.py:81:13: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/movies.py:85:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/movies.py:87:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/movies.py:88:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/movies.py:96:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/movies.py:96:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/movies.py:96:49: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/movies.py:97:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/movies.py:97:78: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/movies.py:106:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/movies.py:106:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/movies.py:106:47: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/movies.py:107:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/movies.py:107:76: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/movies.py:111:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/movies.py:111:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/movies.py:111:51: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/movies.py:112:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/movies.py:112:80: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/movies.py:115:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/movies.py:115:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/movies.py:115:52: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/movies.py:116:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/movies.py:116:81: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/movies.py:119:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/movies.py:119:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/movies.py:119:51: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/movies.py:120:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/movies.py:120:80: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/movies.py:123:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/movies.py:123:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/movies.py:123:52: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/movies.py:124:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/movies.py:124:81: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/movies.py:137:9: F841 local variable 'dirs' is assigned to but never used
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/movies.py:137:28: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/movies.py:137:40: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/movies.py:137:50: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/movies.py:137:58: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/movies.py:138:9: F841 local variable 'dirDepth' is assigned to but never used
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/movies.py:138:32: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/movies.py:138:39: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/movies.py:142:28: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/movies.py:142:35: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/movies.py:142:42: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/movies.py:143:35: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/movies.py:143:41: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/movies.py:144:24: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/movies.py:144:32: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/movies.py:144:50: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/movies.py:144:61: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/movies.py:144:68: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/movies.py:146:30: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/movies.py:146:37: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/movies.py:146:43: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/movies.py:147:34: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/movies.py:147:72: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/movies.py:151:30: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/movies.py:151:36: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/movies.py:151:42: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/movies.py:152:34: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/movies.py:152:71: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/movies.py:157:18: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/movies.py:158:17: F841 local variable 'movieCountText' is assigned to but never used
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/movies.py:158:34: F405 '_' may be undefined, or defined from star imports: Cheetah.DummyTransaction
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/movies.py:158:63: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/movies.py:158:72: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/movies.py:162:30: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/movies.py:162:36: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/movies.py:162:42: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/movies.py:163:34: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/movies.py:163:71: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/movies.py:167:30: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/movies.py:167:47: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/movies.py:167:53: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/movies.py:168:34: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/movies.py:168:82: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/movies.py:171:13: F841 local variable 'index' is assigned to but never used
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/movies.py:171:29: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/movies.py:171:37: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/movies.py:174:20: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/movies.py:174:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/movies.py:174:42: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/movies.py:174:54: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/movies.py:174:62: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/movies.py:179:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/movies.py:179:37: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/movies.py:179:61: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/movies.py:180:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/movies.py:180:90: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/movies.py:183:37: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/movies.py:183:49: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/movies.py:183:56: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/movies.py:185:30: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/movies.py:185:42: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/movies.py:185:48: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/movies.py:186:34: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/movies.py:186:77: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/movies.py:187:30: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/movies.py:187:41: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/movies.py:187:47: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/movies.py:188:34: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/movies.py:188:76: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/movies.py:190:30: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/movies.py:190:41: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/movies.py:190:47: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/movies.py:191:34: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/movies.py:191:76: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/movies.py:201:30: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/movies.py:201:39: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/movies.py:201:46: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/movies.py:205:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/movies.py:205:34: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/movies.py:205:40: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/movies.py:206:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/movies.py:206:69: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/movies.py:212:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/movies.py:212:44: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/movies.py:212:50: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/movies.py:213:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/movies.py:213:79: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/movies.py:215:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/movies.py:215:46: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/movies.py:215:52: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/movies.py:216:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/movies.py:216:81: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/movies.py:222:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/movies.py:222:34: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/movies.py:222:50: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/movies.py:222:69: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/movies.py:222:76: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/movies.py:223:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/movies.py:223:88: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/movies.py:225:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/movies.py:225:37: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/movies.py:225:55: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/movies.py:226:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/movies.py:226:84: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/movies.py:229:24: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/movies.py:229:38: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/movies.py:229:45: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/movies.py:231:30: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/movies.py:231:38: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/movies.py:231:54: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/movies.py:231:71: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/movies.py:231:78: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/movies.py:232:34: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/movies.py:232:90: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/movies.py:234:30: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/movies.py:234:41: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/movies.py:234:57: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/movies.py:235:34: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/movies.py:235:86: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/movies.py:237:30: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/movies.py:237:48: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/movies.py:237:54: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/movies.py:238:34: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/movies.py:238:83: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/movies.py:241:30: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/movies.py:241:38: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/movies.py:241:54: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/movies.py:241:71: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/movies.py:241:78: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/movies.py:242:34: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/movies.py:242:90: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/movies.py:244:30: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/movies.py:244:41: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/movies.py:244:57: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/movies.py:245:34: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/movies.py:245:86: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/movies.py:247:30: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/movies.py:247:41: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/movies.py:247:61: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/movies.py:248:34: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/movies.py:248:90: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/movies.py:250:30: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/movies.py:250:48: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/movies.py:250:54: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/movies.py:251:34: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/movies.py:251:83: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/movies.py:254:18: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/movies.py:256:30: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/movies.py:256:38: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/movies.py:256:54: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/movies.py:256:71: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/movies.py:256:78: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/movies.py:257:34: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/movies.py:257:90: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/movies.py:259:30: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/movies.py:259:41: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/movies.py:259:57: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/movies.py:260:34: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/movies.py:260:86: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/movies.py:262:30: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/movies.py:262:48: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/movies.py:262:54: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/movies.py:263:34: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/movies.py:263:83: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/movies.py:268:13: F841 local variable 'eventname_escaped' is assigned to but never used
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/movies.py:268:45: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/movies.py:268:63: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/movies.py:268:69: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/movies.py:268:79: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/movies.py:270:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/movies.py:270:34: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/movies.py:270:50: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/movies.py:270:67: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/movies.py:270:74: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/movies.py:271:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/movies.py:271:86: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/movies.py:273:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/movies.py:273:37: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/movies.py:273:55: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/movies.py:274:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/movies.py:274:84: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/movies.py:276:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/movies.py:276:44: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/movies.py:276:50: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/movies.py:277:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/movies.py:277:79: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/movies.py:280:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/movies.py:280:34: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/movies.py:280:50: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/movies.py:280:69: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/movies.py:280:76: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/movies.py:281:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/movies.py:281:88: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/movies.py:283:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/movies.py:283:46: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/movies.py:283:52: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/movies.py:284:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/movies.py:284:81: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/movies.py:286:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/movies.py:286:37: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/movies.py:286:63: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/movies.py:287:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/movies.py:287:92: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/movies.py:290:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/movies.py:290:34: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/movies.py:290:50: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/movies.py:290:69: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/movies.py:290:76: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/movies.py:291:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/movies.py:291:88: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/movies.py:293:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/movies.py:293:34: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/movies.py:293:40: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/movies.py:294:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/movies.py:294:69: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/movies.py:296:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/movies.py:296:46: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/movies.py:296:52: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/movies.py:297:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/movies.py:297:81: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/movies.py:299:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/movies.py:299:37: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/movies.py:299:63: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/movies.py:300:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/movies.py:300:92: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/movies.py:308:13: F841 local variable 'dateRecorded' is assigned to but never used
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/movies.py:308:71: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/movies.py:308:93: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/movies.py:310:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/movies.py:310:41: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/movies.py:310:47: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/movies.py:311:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/movies.py:311:76: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/movies.py:314:25: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/movies.py:314:42: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/movies.py:316:24: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/movies.py:316:28: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/movies.py:316:39: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/movies.py:317:17: F841 local variable 'w' is assigned to but never used
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/movies.py:317:29: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/movies.py:317:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/movies.py:318:17: F841 local variable 'size' is assigned to but never used
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/movies.py:318:36: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/movies.py:318:40: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/movies.py:321:30: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/movies.py:321:37: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/movies.py:321:43: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/movies.py:322:34: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/movies.py:322:72: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/movies.py:328:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/movies.py:328:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/movies.py:328:39: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/movies.py:329:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/movies.py:329:68: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/movies.py:333:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/movies.py:333:41: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/movies.py:333:47: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/movies.py:334:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/movies.py:334:76: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/movies.py:336:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/movies.py:336:52: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/movies.py:336:58: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/movies.py:337:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/movies.py:337:87: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/movies.py:346:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/movies.py:346:34: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/movies.py:346:40: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/movies.py:347:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/movies.py:347:69: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/movies.py:349:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/movies.py:349:46: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/movies.py:349:52: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/movies.py:350:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/movies.py:350:81: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/movies.py:353:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/movies.py:353:34: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/movies.py:353:40: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/movies.py:354:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/movies.py:354:69: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/movies.py:357:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/movies.py:357:54: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/movies.py:357:60: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/movies.py:358:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/movies.py:358:89: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/movies.py:381:20: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/movies.py:381:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/movies.py:381:42: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/movies.py:381:54: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/movies.py:381:62: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/movies.py:390:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/movies.py:392:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/movies.py:393:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/movies.py:395:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/movies.py:397:5: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/movies.py:400:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/movies.py:414:34: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/movies.py:416:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/movies.py:418:1: E305 expected 2 blank lines after class or function definition, found 1
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/movies.py:428:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/movies.py:433:1: W391 blank line at end of file
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:6:1: E303 too many blank lines (4)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:7:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:8:1: F401 'sys' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:10:1: F401 'os.path' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:14:5: F401 '__builtin__ as builtin' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:15:1: F401 'os.path.exists' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:15:1: F401 'os.path.getmtime' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:17:1: F401 'types' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:21:1: F403 'from Cheetah.DummyTransaction import *' used; unable to detect undefined names
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:22:1: F401 'Cheetah.NameMapper.NotFound' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:23:1: F401 'Cheetah.CacheRegion.CacheRegion' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:24:1: F401 'Cheetah.Filters' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:25:1: F401 'Cheetah.ErrorCatchers' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:28:1: F401 'Plugins.Extensions.OpenWebif.controllers.i18n.tstrings' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:29:1: F401 'json.dumps' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:30:1: F401 'time.mktime' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:30:1: F401 'time.localtime' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:30:1: F401 'time.strftime' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:31:1: F401 'Plugins.Extensions.OpenWebif.controllers.views.responsive.ajax.renderevtblock.renderEvtBlock' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:34:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:35:6: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:36:5: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:37:4: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:38:12: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:49:7: E121 continuation line under-indented for hanging indent
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:50:70: E228 missing whitespace around modulo operator
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:51:10: E121 continuation line under-indented for hanging indent
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:54:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:59:5: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:62:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:68:18: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:69:35: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:71:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:73:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:77:9: E303 too many blank lines (3)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:77:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:79:37: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:81:21: F405 'DummyTransaction' may be undefined, or defined from star imports: Cheetah.DummyTransaction
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:83:13: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:87:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:89:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:90:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:110:20: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:110:27: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:110:39: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:116:78: W291 trailing whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:130:80: W291 trailing whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:184:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:184:38: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:186:24: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:186:31: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:186:37: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:186:47: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:186:53: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:186:59: E203 whitespace before ':'
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:186:61: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:187:21: E222 multiple spaces after operator
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:187:31: W291 trailing whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:188:34: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:190:21: E222 multiple spaces after operator
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:190:33: W291 trailing whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:191:34: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:193:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:193:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:193:39: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:194:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:194:70: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:196:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:196:37: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:196:101: E226 missing whitespace around arithmetic operator
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:196:107: E226 missing whitespace around arithmetic operator
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:196:117: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:197:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:197:146: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:200:20: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:200:27: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:200:39: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:202:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:202:37: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:202:58: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:203:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:203:87: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:209:24: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:209:30: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:209:42: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:212:30: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:212:41: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:212:54: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:213:34: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:213:83: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:218:14: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:220:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:220:37: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:220:49: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:221:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:221:78: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:224:35: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:224:40: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:225:17: F841 local variable 'w' is assigned to but never used
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:225:29: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:225:34: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:227:28: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:227:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:227:39: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:227:49: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:227:56: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:227:62: E203 whitespace before ':'
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:227:64: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:228:25: E222 multiple spaces after operator
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:228:35: W291 trailing whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:229:38: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:231:25: E222 multiple spaces after operator
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:231:37: W291 trailing whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:232:38: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:234:30: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:234:34: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:234:40: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:235:34: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:235:71: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:237:34: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:237:41: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:237:47: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:237:58: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:237:70: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:237:97: E226 missing whitespace around arithmetic operator
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:237:104: E226 missing whitespace around arithmetic operator
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:237:109: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:238:34: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:238:125: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:242:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:242:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:242:55: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:243:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:243:84: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:246:20: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:246:27: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:246:33: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:246:36: E203 whitespace before ':'
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:246:38: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:247:17: E222 multiple spaces after operator
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:247:27: W291 trailing whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:248:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:250:17: E222 multiple spaces after operator
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:250:29: W291 trailing whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:251:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:253:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:253:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:253:51: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:254:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:254:80: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:257:20: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:257:27: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:257:33: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:257:36: E203 whitespace before ':'
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:257:38: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:258:17: E222 multiple spaces after operator
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:258:27: W291 trailing whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:259:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:261:17: E222 multiple spaces after operator
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:261:29: W291 trailing whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:262:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:264:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:264:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:264:51: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:265:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:265:80: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:275:27: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:275:38: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:275:45: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:277:24: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:277:29: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:277:38: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:277:48: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:277:55: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:277:61: E203 whitespace before ':'
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:277:63: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:278:21: E222 multiple spaces after operator
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:278:31: W291 trailing whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:279:34: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:281:21: E222 multiple spaces after operator
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:281:33: W291 trailing whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:282:34: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:284:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:284:34: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:284:50: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:284:55: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:284:65: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:285:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:285:77: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:287:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:287:31: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:287:40: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:288:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:288:69: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:296:20: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:296:27: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:296:39: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:332:35: W291 trailing whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:333:31: W291 trailing whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:339:13: F841 local variable 'now' is assigned to but never used
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:339:27: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:339:36: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:339:52: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:339:64: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:342:24: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:342:30: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:342:42: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:343:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:343:39: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:344:18: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:345:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:345:39: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:345:57: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:345:63: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:348:13: F841 local variable 's' is assigned to but never used
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:348:25: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:348:36: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:348:48: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:348:57: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:348:69: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:348:85: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:348:93: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:349:13: F841 local variable 'm' is assigned to but never used
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:349:25: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:349:36: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:349:48: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:349:57: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:349:69: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:349:85: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:349:93: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:350:30: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:350:36: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:350:52: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:350:56: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:351:30: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:351:39: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:351:56: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:351:62: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:351:78: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:351:82: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:354:24: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:354:30: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:354:41: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:355:17: F841 local variable 'h' is assigned to but never used
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:355:29: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:355:40: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:355:52: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:355:61: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:355:73: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:355:89: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:355:97: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:356:34: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:356:43: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:356:60: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:356:66: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:356:82: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:356:86: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:357:17: F841 local variable 'offset' is assigned to but never used
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:357:34: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:357:43: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:360:13: F841 local variable 'first' is assigned to but never used
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:360:29: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:360:37: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:360:54: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:360:63: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:365:20: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:365:27: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:365:39: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:366:13: F841 local variable 'renderEventBlock' is assigned to but never used
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:366:40: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:366:57: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:372:59: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:372:68: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:372:76: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:373:17: F841 local variable 'evl' is assigned to but never used
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:373:31: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:373:43: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:375:28: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:375:34: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:375:41: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:376:21: F841 local variable 'ev' is assigned to but never used
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:376:34: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:376:40: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:377:50: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:377:59: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:380:30: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:380:36: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:380:42: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:381:34: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:381:71: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:383:30: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:383:39: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:383:54: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:383:62: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:383:69: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:384:34: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:384:84: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:386:30: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:386:38: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:386:44: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:387:34: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:387:73: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:396:13: F841 local variable 'even' is assigned to but never used
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:397:37: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:397:43: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:400:63: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:400:72: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:400:80: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:403:42: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:403:54: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:403:69: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:403:76: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:403:84: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:405:42: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:405:61: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:405:67: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:405:76: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:405:92: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:405:100: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:405:107: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:406:42: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:406:107: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:409:36: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:409:48: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:409:63: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:409:70: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:409:84: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:424:14: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:435:59: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:435:68: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:435:76: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:439:30: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:439:39: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:439:54: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:439:62: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:439:69: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:440:34: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:440:84: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:442:30: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:442:38: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:442:44: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:443:34: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:443:73: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:446:30: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:446:38: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:446:44: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:447:34: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:447:73: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:469:59: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:469:68: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:469:76: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:475:38: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:475:50: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:475:60: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:477:32: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:477:36: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:477:48: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:478:25: F841 local variable 'ref' is assigned to but never used
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:479:25: F841 local variable 'pad' is assigned to but never used
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:479:45: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:479:69: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:479:86: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:479:94: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:481:38: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:481:44: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:481:50: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:482:42: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:482:81: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:486:21: F841 local variable 'end' is assigned to but never used
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:486:35: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:486:59: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:486:76: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:486:93: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:488:32: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:488:56: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:488:73: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:488:79: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:488:98: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:488:104: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:488:121: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:488:127: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:488:134: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:489:25: F841 local variable 'iscurr' is assigned to but never used
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:491:34: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:491:40: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:491:46: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:492:38: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:492:75: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:494:34: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:494:45: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:494:51: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:495:38: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:495:82: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:497:34: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:497:45: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:497:51: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:498:38: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:498:82: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:500:34: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:500:40: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:500:46: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:501:38: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:501:75: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:503:34: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:503:51: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:503:57: E226 missing whitespace around arithmetic operator
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:503:59: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:504:38: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:504:90: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:507:34: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:507:43: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:507:49: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:508:38: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:508:80: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:510:34: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:510:42: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:510:57: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:511:38: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:511:86: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:514:34: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:514:42: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:514:57: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:515:38: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:515:86: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:517:34: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:517:45: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:517:70: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:517:82: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:517:98: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:517:106: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:517:133: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:518:38: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:518:130: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:521:34: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:521:45: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:521:70: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:521:82: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:521:98: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:521:106: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:521:133: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:522:38: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:522:130: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:524:34: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:524:45: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:524:70: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:524:82: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:524:98: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:524:106: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:524:142: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:524:150: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:524:170: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:525:38: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:525:153: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:528:32: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:528:40: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:528:68: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:530:38: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:530:46: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:530:67: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:531:42: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:531:96: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:533:38: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:533:49: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:533:64: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:534:42: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:534:93: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:540:21: F841 local variable 'c' is assigned to but never used
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:540:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:540:37: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:563:20: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:563:27: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:563:39: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:565:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:565:34: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:565:40: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:566:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:566:69: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:569:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:569:32: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:569:38: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:570:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:570:67: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:577:24: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:577:30: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:577:42: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:591:18: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:597:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:597:30: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:597:46: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:597:55: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:597:62: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:598:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:598:74: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:615:20: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:615:27: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:615:39: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:623:14: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:638:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:638:32: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:638:38: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:639:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:639:67: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:642:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:642:28: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:642:34: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:643:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:643:63: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:649:20: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:649:27: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:649:39: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:660:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:660:32: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:660:38: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:661:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:661:67: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:668:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:668:30: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:668:46: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:668:53: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:668:60: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:669:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:669:74: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:671:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:671:28: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:671:34: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:672:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:672:63: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:702:9: W291 trailing whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:709:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:709:29: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:709:35: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:710:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:710:64: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:716:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:716:30: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:716:46: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:716:53: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:716:60: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:717:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:717:74: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:719:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:719:28: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:719:34: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:720:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:720:63: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:722:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:722:29: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:722:35: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:723:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:723:64: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:731:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:731:30: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:731:46: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:731:53: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:731:60: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:732:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:732:74: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:734:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:734:29: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:734:35: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:735:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:735:64: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:746:43: W291 trailing whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:767:20: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:767:27: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:767:39: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:781:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:783:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:784:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:786:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:788:5: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:791:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:805:36: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:807:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:809:1: E305 expected 2 blank lines after class or function definition, found 1
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:819:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/multiepg.py:824:1: W391 blank line at end of file
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/about.py:6:1: E303 too many blank lines (4)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/about.py:7:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/about.py:8:1: F401 'sys' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/about.py:10:1: F401 'os.path' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/about.py:14:5: F401 '__builtin__ as builtin' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/about.py:15:1: F401 'os.path.exists' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/about.py:15:1: F401 'os.path.getmtime' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/about.py:17:1: F401 'types' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/about.py:21:1: F403 'from Cheetah.DummyTransaction import *' used; unable to detect undefined names
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/about.py:22:1: F401 'Cheetah.NameMapper.NotFound' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/about.py:23:1: F401 'Cheetah.CacheRegion.CacheRegion' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/about.py:24:1: F401 'Cheetah.Filters' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/about.py:25:1: F401 'Cheetah.ErrorCatchers' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/about.py:26:1: F401 'Plugins.Extensions.OpenWebif.controllers.i18n.tstrings' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/about.py:29:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/about.py:30:6: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/about.py:31:5: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/about.py:32:4: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/about.py:33:12: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/about.py:44:7: E121 continuation line under-indented for hanging indent
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/about.py:45:70: E228 missing whitespace around modulo operator
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/about.py:46:10: E121 continuation line under-indented for hanging indent
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/about.py:49:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/about.py:54:5: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/about.py:57:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/about.py:63:18: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/about.py:64:35: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/about.py:66:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/about.py:68:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/about.py:72:9: E303 too many blank lines (3)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/about.py:72:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/about.py:74:37: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/about.py:76:21: F405 'DummyTransaction' may be undefined, or defined from star imports: Cheetah.DummyTransaction
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/about.py:78:13: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/about.py:82:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/about.py:84:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/about.py:85:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/about.py:93:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/about.py:93:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/about.py:93:48: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/about.py:94:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/about.py:94:77: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/about.py:104:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/about.py:104:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/about.py:104:59: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/about.py:105:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/about.py:105:88: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/about.py:108:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/about.py:108:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/about.py:108:50: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/about.py:109:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/about.py:109:79: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/about.py:111:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/about.py:111:36: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/about.py:111:42: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/about.py:112:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/about.py:112:71: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/about.py:115:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/about.py:115:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/about.py:115:54: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/about.py:116:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/about.py:116:83: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/about.py:122:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/about.py:122:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/about.py:122:50: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/about.py:123:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/about.py:123:79: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/about.py:136:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/about.py:136:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/about.py:136:55: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/about.py:137:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/about.py:137:84: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/about.py:143:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/about.py:143:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/about.py:143:62: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/about.py:144:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/about.py:144:91: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/about.py:150:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/about.py:150:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/about.py:150:50: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/about.py:151:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/about.py:151:79: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/about.py:158:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/about.py:158:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/about.py:158:58: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/about.py:159:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/about.py:159:87: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/about.py:172:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/about.py:172:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/about.py:172:50: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/about.py:173:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/about.py:173:79: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/about.py:177:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/about.py:177:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/about.py:177:55: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/about.py:178:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/about.py:178:84: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/about.py:188:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/about.py:190:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/about.py:191:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/about.py:193:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/about.py:195:5: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/about.py:198:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/about.py:212:33: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/about.py:214:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/about.py:216:1: E305 expected 2 blank lines after class or function definition, found 1
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/about.py:226:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/about.py:231:1: W391 blank line at end of file
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/satfinder.py:6:1: E303 too many blank lines (4)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/satfinder.py:7:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/satfinder.py:8:1: F401 'sys' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/satfinder.py:10:1: F401 'os.path' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/satfinder.py:14:5: F401 '__builtin__ as builtin' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/satfinder.py:15:1: F401 'os.path.exists' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/satfinder.py:15:1: F401 'os.path.getmtime' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/satfinder.py:17:1: F401 'types' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/satfinder.py:21:1: F403 'from Cheetah.DummyTransaction import *' used; unable to detect undefined names
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/satfinder.py:22:1: F401 'Cheetah.NameMapper.NotFound' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/satfinder.py:23:1: F401 'Cheetah.CacheRegion.CacheRegion' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/satfinder.py:24:1: F401 'Cheetah.Filters' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/satfinder.py:25:1: F401 'Cheetah.ErrorCatchers' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/satfinder.py:26:1: F401 'Plugins.Extensions.OpenWebif.controllers.i18n.tstrings' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/satfinder.py:29:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/satfinder.py:30:6: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/satfinder.py:31:5: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/satfinder.py:32:4: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/satfinder.py:33:12: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/satfinder.py:44:7: E121 continuation line under-indented for hanging indent
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/satfinder.py:45:70: E228 missing whitespace around modulo operator
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/satfinder.py:46:10: E121 continuation line under-indented for hanging indent
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/satfinder.py:49:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/satfinder.py:54:5: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/satfinder.py:57:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/satfinder.py:63:18: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/satfinder.py:64:35: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/satfinder.py:66:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/satfinder.py:68:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/satfinder.py:72:9: E303 too many blank lines (3)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/satfinder.py:72:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/satfinder.py:74:37: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/satfinder.py:76:21: F405 'DummyTransaction' may be undefined, or defined from star imports: Cheetah.DummyTransaction
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/satfinder.py:78:13: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/satfinder.py:82:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/satfinder.py:84:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/satfinder.py:85:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/satfinder.py:93:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/satfinder.py:93:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/satfinder.py:93:52: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/satfinder.py:94:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/satfinder.py:94:81: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/satfinder.py:111:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/satfinder.py:111:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/satfinder.py:111:46: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/satfinder.py:112:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/satfinder.py:112:75: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/satfinder.py:128:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/satfinder.py:128:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/satfinder.py:128:46: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/satfinder.py:129:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/satfinder.py:129:75: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/satfinder.py:145:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/satfinder.py:145:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/satfinder.py:145:46: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/satfinder.py:146:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/satfinder.py:146:75: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/satfinder.py:179:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/satfinder.py:181:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/satfinder.py:182:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/satfinder.py:184:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/satfinder.py:186:5: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/satfinder.py:189:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/satfinder.py:203:37: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/satfinder.py:205:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/satfinder.py:207:1: E305 expected 2 blank lines after class or function definition, found 1
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/satfinder.py:217:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/satfinder.py:222:1: W391 blank line at end of file
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgr.py:6:1: E303 too many blank lines (4)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgr.py:7:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgr.py:8:1: F401 'sys' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgr.py:10:1: F401 'os.path' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgr.py:14:5: F401 '__builtin__ as builtin' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgr.py:15:1: F401 'os.path.exists' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgr.py:15:1: F401 'os.path.getmtime' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgr.py:17:1: F401 'types' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgr.py:21:1: F403 'from Cheetah.DummyTransaction import *' used; unable to detect undefined names
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgr.py:22:1: F401 'Cheetah.NameMapper.NotFound' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgr.py:23:1: F401 'Cheetah.CacheRegion.CacheRegion' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgr.py:24:1: F401 'Cheetah.Filters' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgr.py:25:1: F401 'Cheetah.ErrorCatchers' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgr.py:26:1: F401 'Plugins.Extensions.OpenWebif.controllers.i18n.tstrings' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgr.py:29:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgr.py:30:6: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgr.py:31:5: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgr.py:32:4: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgr.py:33:12: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgr.py:44:7: E121 continuation line under-indented for hanging indent
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgr.py:45:70: E228 missing whitespace around modulo operator
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgr.py:46:10: E121 continuation line under-indented for hanging indent
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgr.py:49:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgr.py:54:5: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgr.py:57:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgr.py:63:18: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgr.py:64:35: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgr.py:66:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgr.py:68:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgr.py:72:9: E303 too many blank lines (3)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgr.py:72:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgr.py:74:37: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgr.py:76:21: F405 'DummyTransaction' may be undefined, or defined from star imports: Cheetah.DummyTransaction
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgr.py:78:13: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgr.py:82:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgr.py:84:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgr.py:85:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgr.py:88:34: W601 .has_key() is deprecated, use 'in'
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgr.py:92:1: E101 indentation contains mixed spaces and tabs
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgr.py:92:4: E126 continuation line over-indented for hanging indent
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgr.py:114:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgr.py:114:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgr.py:114:53: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgr.py:115:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgr.py:115:82: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgr.py:126:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgr.py:126:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgr.py:126:61: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgr.py:127:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgr.py:127:90: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgr.py:138:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgr.py:138:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgr.py:138:53: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgr.py:139:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgr.py:139:82: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgr.py:143:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgr.py:143:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgr.py:143:50: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgr.py:144:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgr.py:144:79: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgr.py:147:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgr.py:147:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgr.py:147:49: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgr.py:148:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgr.py:148:78: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgr.py:151:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgr.py:151:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgr.py:151:56: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgr.py:152:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgr.py:152:85: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgr.py:155:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgr.py:155:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgr.py:155:60: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgr.py:156:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgr.py:156:89: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgr.py:168:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgr.py:168:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgr.py:168:51: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgr.py:169:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgr.py:169:80: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgr.py:186:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgr.py:186:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgr.py:186:49: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgr.py:187:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgr.py:187:78: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgr.py:204:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgr.py:204:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgr.py:204:59: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgr.py:205:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgr.py:205:88: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgr.py:219:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgr.py:219:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgr.py:219:58: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgr.py:220:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgr.py:220:87: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgr.py:232:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgr.py:232:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgr.py:232:56: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgr.py:233:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgr.py:233:85: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgr.py:244:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgr.py:244:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgr.py:244:51: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgr.py:245:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgr.py:245:80: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgr.py:258:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgr.py:258:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgr.py:258:52: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgr.py:259:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgr.py:259:81: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgr.py:268:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgr.py:268:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgr.py:268:51: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgr.py:269:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgr.py:269:80: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgr.py:275:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgr.py:275:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgr.py:275:54: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgr.py:276:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgr.py:276:83: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgr.py:287:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgr.py:287:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgr.py:287:63: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgr.py:288:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgr.py:288:92: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgr.py:299:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgr.py:299:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgr.py:299:61: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgr.py:300:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgr.py:300:90: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgr.py:319:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgr.py:319:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgr.py:319:49: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgr.py:320:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgr.py:320:78: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgr.py:326:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgr.py:326:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgr.py:326:50: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgr.py:327:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgr.py:327:79: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgr.py:333:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgr.py:333:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgr.py:333:53: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgr.py:334:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgr.py:334:82: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgr.py:341:88: W291 trailing whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgr.py:343:97: W291 trailing whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgr.py:358:20: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgr.py:358:50: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgr.py:358:57: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgr.py:361:14: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgr.py:378:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgr.py:380:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgr.py:381:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgr.py:383:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgr.py:385:5: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgr.py:388:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgr.py:402:32: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgr.py:404:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgr.py:406:1: E305 expected 2 blank lines after class or function definition, found 1
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgr.py:416:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgr.py:421:1: W391 blank line at end of file
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:6:1: E303 too many blank lines (4)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:7:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:8:1: F401 'sys' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:10:1: F401 'os.path' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:14:5: F401 '__builtin__ as builtin' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:15:1: F401 'os.path.exists' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:15:1: F401 'os.path.getmtime' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:17:1: F401 'types' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:21:1: F403 'from Cheetah.DummyTransaction import *' used; unable to detect undefined names
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:22:1: F401 'Cheetah.NameMapper.NotFound' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:23:1: F401 'Cheetah.CacheRegion.CacheRegion' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:24:1: F401 'Cheetah.Filters' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:25:1: F401 'Cheetah.ErrorCatchers' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:26:1: F401 'Plugins.Extensions.OpenWebif.controllers.i18n.tstrings' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:27:1: F401 'Plugins.Extensions.OpenWebif.vtiaddon.showPiconBackground' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:27:1: F401 'Plugins.Extensions.OpenWebif.vtiaddon.showPicons' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:30:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:31:6: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:32:5: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:33:4: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:34:12: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:45:7: E121 continuation line under-indented for hanging indent
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:46:70: E228 missing whitespace around modulo operator
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:47:10: E121 continuation line under-indented for hanging indent
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:50:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:55:5: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:58:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:64:18: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:65:35: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:67:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:69:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:73:9: E303 too many blank lines (3)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:73:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:75:37: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:77:21: F405 'DummyTransaction' may be undefined, or defined from star imports: Cheetah.DummyTransaction
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:79:13: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:83:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:85:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:86:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:90:20: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:90:42: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:90:49: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:91:13: F841 local variable 'piconCssClass' is assigned to but never used
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:189:24: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:189:45: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:189:52: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:200:32: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:200:43: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:200:50: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:201:13: F841 local variable 'channelName' is assigned to but never used
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:201:39: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:201:54: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:201:60: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:201:70: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:202:13: F841 local variable 'isProtected' is assigned to but never used
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:202:51: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:202:61: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:202:80: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:202:101: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:205:30: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:205:44: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:205:50: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:205:60: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:205:77: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:206:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:206:93: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:209:35: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:209:49: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:209:56: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:212:30: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:212:44: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:212:50: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:213:34: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:213:79: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:217:18: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:218:28: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:218:41: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:218:71: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:218:81: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:218:88: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:219:21: F841 local variable 'piconHTML' is assigned to but never used
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:219:112: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:219:128: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:221:34: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:221:50: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:221:56: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:222:38: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:222:85: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:226:32: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:226:46: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:226:53: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:228:38: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:228:50: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:228:56: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:229:42: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:229:85: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:232:26: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:234:38: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:234:52: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:234:58: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:235:42: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:235:87: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:237:38: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:237:52: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:237:58: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:238:42: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:238:87: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:240:38: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:240:49: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:240:65: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:241:42: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:241:94: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:243:38: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:243:53: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:243:59: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:244:42: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:244:88: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:246:38: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:246:50: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:246:56: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:247:42: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:247:85: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:252:22: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:259:28: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:259:42: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:259:49: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:261:34: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:261:45: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:261:61: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:262:38: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:262:90: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:264:34: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:264:49: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:264:55: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:265:38: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:265:84: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:268:22: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:270:34: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:270:48: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:270:54: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:271:38: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:271:83: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:273:34: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:273:48: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:273:54: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:274:38: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:274:83: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:276:34: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:276:45: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:276:61: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:277:38: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:277:90: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:279:34: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:279:49: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:279:55: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:280:38: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:280:84: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:282:34: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:282:49: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:282:55: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:283:38: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:283:84: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:289:28: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:289:42: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:289:49: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:291:34: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:291:45: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:291:61: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:292:38: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:292:90: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:295:22: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:296:32: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:296:39: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:296:57: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:298:38: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:298:52: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:298:58: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:299:42: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:299:87: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:301:38: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:301:53: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:301:59: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:302:42: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:302:88: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:304:38: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:304:49: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:304:68: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:305:42: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:305:97: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:310:34: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:310:48: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:310:54: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:311:38: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:311:83: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:313:34: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:313:48: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:313:54: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:314:38: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:314:83: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:316:34: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:316:45: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:316:61: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:317:38: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:317:90: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:319:34: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:319:49: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:319:55: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:320:38: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:320:84: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:324:43: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:324:57: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:324:64: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:325:25: F841 local variable 'rname' is assigned to but never used
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:325:47: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:325:62: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:326:47: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:326:61: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:326:67: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:326:77: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:326:115: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:326:125: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:327:25: F841 local variable 'lnk' is assigned to but never used
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:327:47: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:327:53: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:327:73: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:327:79: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:327:85: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:327:94: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:327:107: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:327:117: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:327:136: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:327:146: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:329:38: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:329:44: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:329:50: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:330:42: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:330:79: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:332:38: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:332:49: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:332:77: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:333:42: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:333:106: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:336:26: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:338:28: E713 test for membership should be 'not in'
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:338:55: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:338:65: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:338:72: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:339:29: F841 local variable 'epgDisabledState' is assigned to but never used
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:341:38: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:341:52: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:341:58: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:342:42: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:342:87: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:344:38: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:344:52: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:344:58: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:345:42: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:345:87: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:347:38: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:347:57: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:347:63: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:348:42: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:348:92: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:350:38: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:350:49: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:350:71: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:351:42: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:351:100: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:353:38: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:353:53: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:353:59: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:354:42: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:354:88: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:357:38: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:357:52: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:357:58: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:358:42: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:358:87: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:360:38: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:360:52: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:360:58: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:361:42: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:361:87: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:363:38: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:363:49: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:363:65: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:364:42: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:364:94: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:366:38: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:366:53: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:366:59: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:367:42: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:367:88: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:370:36: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:370:50: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:370:57: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:372:42: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:372:56: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:372:62: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:373:46: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:373:91: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:375:42: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:375:56: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:375:62: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:376:46: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:376:91: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:378:42: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:378:53: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:378:69: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:379:46: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:379:98: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:381:42: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:381:53: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:381:73: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:382:46: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:382:102: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:384:42: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:384:57: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:384:63: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:385:46: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:385:92: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:392:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:392:47: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:392:82: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:392:92: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:392:99: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:397:34: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:397:54: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:397:60: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:398:38: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:398:89: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:400:34: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:400:48: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:400:54: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:401:38: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:401:83: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:403:34: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:403:50: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:403:56: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:404:38: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:404:85: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:406:34: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:406:48: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:406:54: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:407:38: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:407:83: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:409:34: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:409:54: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:409:60: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:410:38: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:410:89: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:412:34: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:412:45: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:412:67: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:413:38: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:413:96: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:415:34: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:415:54: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:415:60: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:416:38: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:416:89: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:419:34: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:419:53: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:419:59: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:420:38: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:420:88: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:422:34: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:422:45: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:422:59: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:423:38: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:423:88: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:428:34: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:428:54: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:428:60: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:429:38: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:429:89: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:431:34: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:431:52: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:431:58: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:432:38: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:432:87: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:437:34: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:437:53: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:437:59: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:438:38: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:438:90: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:440:34: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:440:53: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:440:59: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:441:38: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:441:90: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:444:34: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:444:53: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:444:59: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:445:38: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:445:90: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:452:34: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:452:58: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:452:64: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:453:38: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:453:93: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:458:22: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:460:34: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:460:45: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:460:66: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:461:38: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:461:95: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:464:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:464:47: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:464:83: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:464:93: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:464:100: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:465:32: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:465:53: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:465:76: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:468:26: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:473:38: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:473:59: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:473:65: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:474:42: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:474:94: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:476:38: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:476:52: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:476:58: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:477:42: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:477:87: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:479:38: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:479:54: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:479:60: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:480:42: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:480:89: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:482:38: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:482:52: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:482:58: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:483:42: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:483:87: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:485:38: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:485:59: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:485:65: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:486:42: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:486:94: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:488:38: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:488:49: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:488:71: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:489:42: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:489:100: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:491:38: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:491:59: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:491:65: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:492:42: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:492:94: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:495:38: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:495:62: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:495:68: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:496:42: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:496:97: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:498:38: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:498:49: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:498:63: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:499:42: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:499:92: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:504:38: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:504:59: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:504:65: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:505:42: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:505:94: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:507:38: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:507:57: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:507:63: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:508:42: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:508:92: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:514:38: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:514:63: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:514:69: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:515:42: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:515:98: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:528:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:530:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:531:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:533:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:535:5: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:538:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:552:36: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:554:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:556:1: E305 expected 2 blank lines after class or function definition, found 1
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:566:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/channels.py:571:1: W391 blank line at end of file
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:6:1: E303 too many blank lines (4)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:7:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:8:1: F401 'sys' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:10:1: F401 'os.path' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:14:5: F401 '__builtin__ as builtin' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:15:1: F401 'os.path.exists' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:15:1: F401 'os.path.getmtime' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:17:1: F401 'types' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:21:1: F403 'from Cheetah.DummyTransaction import *' used; unable to detect undefined names
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:22:1: F401 'Cheetah.NameMapper.NotFound' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:23:1: F401 'Cheetah.CacheRegion.CacheRegion' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:24:1: F401 'Cheetah.Filters' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:25:1: F401 'Cheetah.ErrorCatchers' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:26:1: F401 'Plugins.Extensions.OpenWebif.controllers.i18n.tstrings' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:27:1: F401 'Plugins.Extensions.OpenWebif.controllers.utilities.PY3' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:30:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:31:6: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:32:5: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:33:4: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:34:12: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:45:7: E121 continuation line under-indented for hanging indent
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:46:70: E228 missing whitespace around modulo operator
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:47:10: E121 continuation line under-indented for hanging indent
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:50:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:55:5: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:58:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:64:18: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:65:35: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:67:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:69:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:73:9: E303 too many blank lines (3)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:73:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:75:37: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:77:21: F405 'DummyTransaction' may be undefined, or defined from star imports: Cheetah.DummyTransaction
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:79:13: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:83:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:85:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:86:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:89:34: W601 .has_key() is deprecated, use 'in'
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:93:1: E101 indentation contains mixed spaces and tabs
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:93:4: E126 continuation line over-indented for hanging indent
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:96:9: F841 local variable 'debugMode' is assigned to but never used
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:99:18: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:100:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:100:32: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:100:38: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:101:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:101:67: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:112:32: W291 trailing whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:242:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:242:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:242:49: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:243:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:243:78: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:246:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:246:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:246:50: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:247:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:247:79: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:248:69: W291 trailing whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:250:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:250:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:250:57: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:251:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:251:86: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:254:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:254:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:254:49: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:255:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:255:78: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:265:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:265:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:265:53: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:266:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:266:82: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:269:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:269:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:269:54: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:270:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:270:83: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:291:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:291:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:291:59: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:292:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:292:88: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:297:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:297:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:297:60: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:298:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:298:89: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:301:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:301:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:301:60: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:302:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:302:89: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:309:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:309:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:309:58: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:310:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:310:87: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:313:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:313:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:313:63: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:314:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:314:92: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:317:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:317:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:317:57: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:318:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:318:86: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:321:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:321:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:321:63: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:322:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:322:92: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:327:94: W291 trailing whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:329:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:329:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:329:55: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:330:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:330:84: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:336:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:336:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:336:54: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:337:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:337:83: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:340:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:340:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:340:49: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:341:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:341:78: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:344:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:344:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:344:50: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:345:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:345:79: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:348:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:348:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:348:52: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:349:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:349:81: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:352:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:352:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:352:51: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:353:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:353:80: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:356:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:356:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:356:49: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:357:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:357:78: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:360:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:360:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:360:51: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:361:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:361:80: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:364:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:364:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:364:49: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:365:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:365:78: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:380:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:380:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:380:50: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:381:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:381:79: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:393:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:393:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:393:49: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:394:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:394:78: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:397:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:397:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:397:49: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:398:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:398:78: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:401:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:401:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:401:53: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:402:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:402:82: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:405:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:405:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:405:53: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:406:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:406:82: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:409:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:409:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:409:52: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:410:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:410:81: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:413:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:413:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:413:66: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:414:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:414:95: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:416:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:416:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:416:54: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:417:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:417:83: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:439:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:439:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:439:53: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:440:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:440:82: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:449:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:449:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:449:47: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:450:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:450:76: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:455:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:455:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:455:55: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:456:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:456:84: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:464:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:464:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:464:56: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:465:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:465:85: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:470:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:470:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:470:55: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:471:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:471:84: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:481:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:481:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:481:57: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:482:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:482:86: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:489:35: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:489:49: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:489:56: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:491:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:491:39: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:491:45: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:492:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:492:74: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:494:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:494:37: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:494:60: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:494:73: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:494:91: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:495:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:495:104: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:506:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:506:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:506:63: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:507:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:507:92: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:514:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:514:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:514:60: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:515:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:515:89: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:518:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:518:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:518:62: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:519:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:519:91: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:529:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:529:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:529:56: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:530:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:530:85: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:536:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:536:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:536:49: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:537:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:537:78: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:542:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:542:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:542:52: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:543:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:543:81: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:553:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:553:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:553:58: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:554:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:554:87: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:565:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:565:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:565:54: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:566:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:566:83: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:573:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:573:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:573:60: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:574:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:574:89: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:578:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:578:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:578:48: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:579:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:579:77: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:585:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:585:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:585:58: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:586:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:586:87: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:590:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:590:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:590:48: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:591:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:591:77: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:604:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:604:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:604:54: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:605:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:605:83: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:612:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:612:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:612:59: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:613:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:613:88: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:617:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:617:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:617:53: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:618:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:618:82: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:624:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:624:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:624:57: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:625:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:625:86: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:629:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:629:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:629:53: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:630:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:630:82: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:643:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:643:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:643:58: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:644:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:644:87: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:652:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:652:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:652:65: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:653:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:653:94: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:662:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:662:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:662:64: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:663:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:663:93: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:676:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:676:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:676:58: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:677:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:677:87: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:685:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:685:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:685:56: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:686:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:686:85: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:697:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:697:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:697:57: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:698:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:698:86: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:705:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:705:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:705:66: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:706:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:706:95: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:709:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:709:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:709:65: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:710:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:710:94: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:713:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:713:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:713:65: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:714:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:714:94: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:717:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:717:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:717:69: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:718:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:718:98: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:721:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:721:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:721:62: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:722:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:722:91: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:734:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:734:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:734:60: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:735:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:735:89: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:743:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:743:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:743:66: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:744:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:744:95: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:753:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:753:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:753:64: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:754:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:754:93: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:768:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:768:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:768:57: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:769:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:769:86: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:785:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:785:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:785:50: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:786:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:786:79: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:802:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:802:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:802:57: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:803:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:803:86: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:810:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:810:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:810:51: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:811:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:811:80: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:814:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:814:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:814:53: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:815:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:815:82: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:818:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:818:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:818:56: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:819:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:819:85: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:822:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:822:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:822:56: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:823:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:823:85: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:834:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:834:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:834:55: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:835:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:835:84: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:842:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:842:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:842:58: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:843:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:843:87: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:846:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:846:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:846:68: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:847:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:847:97: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:850:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:850:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:850:67: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:851:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:851:96: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:854:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:854:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:854:71: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:855:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:855:100: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:865:20: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:865:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:865:56: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:865:68: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:865:75: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:870:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:870:37: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:870:57: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:871:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:871:86: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:881:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:881:37: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:881:67: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:882:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:882:96: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:892:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:892:37: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:892:62: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:893:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:893:91: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:905:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:905:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:905:54: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:906:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:906:83: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:914:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:914:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:914:52: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:915:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:915:81: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:918:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:918:45: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:918:52: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:920:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:920:37: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:920:43: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:921:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:921:72: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:923:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:923:37: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:923:43: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:924:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:924:72: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:929:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:929:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:929:47: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:930:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:930:76: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:944:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:944:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:944:54: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:945:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:945:83: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:948:84: W291 trailing whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:959:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:959:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:959:63: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:960:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:960:92: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:974:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:974:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:974:63: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:975:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:975:92: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:989:20: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:989:29: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:989:52: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:989:64: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:989:71: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:994:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:994:37: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:994:50: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:995:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:995:79: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:1008:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:1008:37: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:1008:56: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:1009:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:1009:85: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:1017:20: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:1017:38: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:1017:61: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:1017:73: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:1017:80: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:1022:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:1022:37: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:1022:62: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:1023:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:1023:91: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:1038:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:1038:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:1038:57: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:1039:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:1039:86: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:1048:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:1048:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:1048:49: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:1049:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:1049:78: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:1054:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:1054:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:1054:50: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:1055:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:1055:79: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:1076:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:1076:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:1076:56: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:1077:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:1077:85: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:1087:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:1087:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:1087:51: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:1088:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:1088:80: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:1091:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:1091:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:1091:47: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:1092:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:1092:76: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:1095:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:1095:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:1095:56: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:1096:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:1096:85: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:1099:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:1099:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:1099:50: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:1100:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:1100:79: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:1103:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:1103:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:1103:48: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:1104:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:1104:77: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:1107:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:1107:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:1107:46: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:1108:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:1108:75: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:1125:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:1125:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:1125:54: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:1126:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:1126:83: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:1134:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:1134:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:1134:56: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:1135:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:1135:85: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:1147:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:1147:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:1147:48: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:1148:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:1148:77: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:1162:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:1162:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:1162:66: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:1163:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:1163:95: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:1172:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:1172:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:1172:55: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:1173:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:1173:84: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:1177:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:1177:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:1177:55: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:1178:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:1178:84: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:1185:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:1185:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:1185:62: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:1186:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:1186:91: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:1194:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:1194:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:1194:59: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:1195:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:1195:88: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:1200:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:1200:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:1200:55: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:1201:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:1201:84: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:1206:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:1206:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:1206:69: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:1207:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:1207:98: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:1212:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:1212:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:1212:67: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:1213:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:1213:96: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:1218:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:1218:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:1218:69: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:1219:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:1219:98: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:1224:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:1224:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:1224:60: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:1225:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:1225:89: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:1230:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:1230:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:1230:59: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:1231:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:1231:88: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:1236:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:1236:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:1236:68: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:1237:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:1237:97: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:1242:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:1242:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:1242:63: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:1243:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:1243:92: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:1247:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:1247:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:1247:54: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:1248:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:1248:83: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:1252:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:1252:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:1252:59: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:1253:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:1253:88: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:1256:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:1256:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:1256:59: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:1257:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:1257:88: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:1260:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:1260:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:1260:58: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:1261:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:1261:87: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:1266:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:1266:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:1266:53: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:1267:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:1267:82: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:1271:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:1271:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:1271:59: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:1272:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:1272:88: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:1275:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:1275:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:1275:60: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:1276:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:1276:89: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:1285:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:1285:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:1285:48: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:1286:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:1286:77: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:1289:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:1289:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:1289:47: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:1290:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:1290:76: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:1304:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:1304:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:1304:49: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:1305:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:1305:78: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:1313:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:1313:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:1313:48: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:1314:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:1314:77: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:1330:35: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:1330:49: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:1330:56: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:1332:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:1332:39: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:1332:45: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:1333:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:1333:74: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:1335:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:1335:37: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:1335:60: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:1335:73: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:1335:91: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:1336:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:1336:104: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:1351:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:1353:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:1354:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:1356:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:1358:5: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:1361:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:1375:30: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:1377:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:1379:1: E305 expected 2 blank lines after class or function definition, found 1
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:1389:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/at.py:1394:1: W391 blank line at end of file
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/terminal.py:6:1: E303 too many blank lines (4)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/terminal.py:7:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/terminal.py:8:1: F401 'sys' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/terminal.py:10:1: F401 'os.path' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/terminal.py:14:5: F401 '__builtin__ as builtin' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/terminal.py:15:1: F401 'os.path.exists' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/terminal.py:15:1: F401 'os.path.getmtime' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/terminal.py:17:1: F401 'types' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/terminal.py:21:1: F403 'from Cheetah.DummyTransaction import *' used; unable to detect undefined names
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/terminal.py:22:1: F401 'Cheetah.NameMapper.NotFound' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/terminal.py:23:1: F401 'Cheetah.CacheRegion.CacheRegion' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/terminal.py:24:1: F401 'Cheetah.Filters' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/terminal.py:25:1: F401 'Cheetah.ErrorCatchers' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/terminal.py:28:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/terminal.py:29:6: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/terminal.py:30:5: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/terminal.py:31:4: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/terminal.py:32:12: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/terminal.py:43:7: E121 continuation line under-indented for hanging indent
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/terminal.py:44:70: E228 missing whitespace around modulo operator
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/terminal.py:45:10: E121 continuation line under-indented for hanging indent
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/terminal.py:48:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/terminal.py:53:5: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/terminal.py:56:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/terminal.py:62:18: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/terminal.py:63:35: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/terminal.py:65:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/terminal.py:67:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/terminal.py:71:9: E303 too many blank lines (3)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/terminal.py:71:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/terminal.py:73:37: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/terminal.py:75:21: F405 'DummyTransaction' may be undefined, or defined from star imports: Cheetah.DummyTransaction
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/terminal.py:77:13: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/terminal.py:79:9: F841 local variable 'SL' is assigned to but never used
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/terminal.py:81:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/terminal.py:83:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/terminal.py:84:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/terminal.py:87:34: W601 .has_key() is deprecated, use 'in'
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/terminal.py:91:1: E101 indentation contains mixed spaces and tabs
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/terminal.py:91:4: E126 continuation line over-indented for hanging indent
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/terminal.py:114:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/terminal.py:116:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/terminal.py:117:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/terminal.py:119:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/terminal.py:121:5: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/terminal.py:124:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/terminal.py:138:36: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/terminal.py:140:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/terminal.py:142:1: E305 expected 2 blank lines after class or function definition, found 1
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/terminal.py:152:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/terminal.py:157:1: W391 blank line at end of file
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/powerstate.py:6:1: E303 too many blank lines (4)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/powerstate.py:7:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/powerstate.py:8:1: F401 'sys' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/powerstate.py:10:1: F401 'os.path' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/powerstate.py:14:5: F401 '__builtin__ as builtin' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/powerstate.py:15:1: F401 'os.path.exists' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/powerstate.py:15:1: F401 'os.path.getmtime' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/powerstate.py:17:1: F401 'types' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/powerstate.py:21:1: F403 'from Cheetah.DummyTransaction import *' used; unable to detect undefined names
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/powerstate.py:22:1: F401 'Cheetah.NameMapper.NotFound' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/powerstate.py:23:1: F401 'Cheetah.CacheRegion.CacheRegion' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/powerstate.py:24:1: F401 'Cheetah.Filters' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/powerstate.py:25:1: F401 'Cheetah.ErrorCatchers' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/powerstate.py:26:1: F401 'Plugins.Extensions.OpenWebif.controllers.i18n.tstrings' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/powerstate.py:29:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/powerstate.py:30:6: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/powerstate.py:31:5: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/powerstate.py:32:4: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/powerstate.py:33:12: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/powerstate.py:44:7: E121 continuation line under-indented for hanging indent
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/powerstate.py:45:70: E228 missing whitespace around modulo operator
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/powerstate.py:46:10: E121 continuation line under-indented for hanging indent
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/powerstate.py:49:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/powerstate.py:54:5: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/powerstate.py:57:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/powerstate.py:63:18: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/powerstate.py:64:35: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/powerstate.py:66:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/powerstate.py:68:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/powerstate.py:72:9: E303 too many blank lines (3)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/powerstate.py:72:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/powerstate.py:74:37: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/powerstate.py:76:21: F405 'DummyTransaction' may be undefined, or defined from star imports: Cheetah.DummyTransaction
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/powerstate.py:78:13: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/powerstate.py:82:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/powerstate.py:84:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/powerstate.py:85:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/powerstate.py:91:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/powerstate.py:91:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/powerstate.py:91:57: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/powerstate.py:92:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/powerstate.py:92:86: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/powerstate.py:95:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/powerstate.py:95:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/powerstate.py:95:55: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/powerstate.py:96:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/powerstate.py:96:84: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/powerstate.py:99:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/powerstate.py:99:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/powerstate.py:99:53: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/powerstate.py:100:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/powerstate.py:100:82: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/powerstate.py:103:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/powerstate.py:103:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/powerstate.py:103:54: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/powerstate.py:104:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/powerstate.py:104:83: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/powerstate.py:114:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/powerstate.py:116:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/powerstate.py:117:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/powerstate.py:119:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/powerstate.py:121:5: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/powerstate.py:124:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/powerstate.py:138:38: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/powerstate.py:140:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/powerstate.py:142:1: E305 expected 2 blank lines after class or function definition, found 1
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/powerstate.py:152:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/powerstate.py:157:1: W391 blank line at end of file
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/screenshot.py:6:1: E303 too many blank lines (4)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/screenshot.py:7:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/screenshot.py:8:1: F401 'sys' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/screenshot.py:10:1: F401 'os.path' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/screenshot.py:14:5: F401 '__builtin__ as builtin' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/screenshot.py:15:1: F401 'os.path.exists' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/screenshot.py:15:1: F401 'os.path.getmtime' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/screenshot.py:17:1: F401 'types' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/screenshot.py:21:1: F403 'from Cheetah.DummyTransaction import *' used; unable to detect undefined names
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/screenshot.py:22:1: F401 'Cheetah.NameMapper.NotFound' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/screenshot.py:23:1: F401 'Cheetah.CacheRegion.CacheRegion' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/screenshot.py:24:1: F401 'Cheetah.Filters' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/screenshot.py:25:1: F401 'Cheetah.ErrorCatchers' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/screenshot.py:26:1: F401 'Plugins.Extensions.OpenWebif.controllers.i18n.tstrings' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/screenshot.py:27:1: F401 'Plugins.Extensions.OpenWebif.controllers.models.info.getPipStatus' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/screenshot.py:27:1: F401 'Plugins.Extensions.OpenWebif.controllers.models.info.getInfo' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/screenshot.py:30:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/screenshot.py:31:6: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/screenshot.py:32:5: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/screenshot.py:33:4: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/screenshot.py:34:12: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/screenshot.py:45:7: E121 continuation line under-indented for hanging indent
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/screenshot.py:46:70: E228 missing whitespace around modulo operator
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/screenshot.py:47:10: E121 continuation line under-indented for hanging indent
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/screenshot.py:50:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/screenshot.py:55:5: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/screenshot.py:58:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/screenshot.py:64:18: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/screenshot.py:65:35: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/screenshot.py:67:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/screenshot.py:69:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/screenshot.py:73:9: E303 too many blank lines (3)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/screenshot.py:73:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/screenshot.py:75:37: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/screenshot.py:77:21: F405 'DummyTransaction' may be undefined, or defined from star imports: Cheetah.DummyTransaction
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/screenshot.py:79:13: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/screenshot.py:83:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/screenshot.py:85:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/screenshot.py:86:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/screenshot.py:96:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/screenshot.py:96:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/screenshot.py:96:53: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/screenshot.py:97:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/screenshot.py:97:82: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/screenshot.py:103:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/screenshot.py:103:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/screenshot.py:103:50: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/screenshot.py:104:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/screenshot.py:104:79: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/screenshot.py:110:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/screenshot.py:110:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/screenshot.py:110:46: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/screenshot.py:111:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/screenshot.py:111:75: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/screenshot.py:114:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/screenshot.py:114:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/screenshot.py:114:48: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/screenshot.py:115:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/screenshot.py:115:77: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/screenshot.py:118:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/screenshot.py:118:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/screenshot.py:118:46: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/screenshot.py:119:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/screenshot.py:119:75: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/screenshot.py:122:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/screenshot.py:122:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/screenshot.py:122:46: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/screenshot.py:123:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/screenshot.py:123:75: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/screenshot.py:126:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/screenshot.py:126:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/screenshot.py:126:46: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/screenshot.py:127:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/screenshot.py:127:75: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/screenshot.py:136:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/screenshot.py:136:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/screenshot.py:136:50: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/screenshot.py:137:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/screenshot.py:137:79: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/screenshot.py:145:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/screenshot.py:145:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/screenshot.py:145:58: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/screenshot.py:146:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/screenshot.py:146:87: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/screenshot.py:157:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/screenshot.py:157:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/screenshot.py:157:55: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/screenshot.py:158:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/screenshot.py:158:84: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/screenshot.py:162:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/screenshot.py:162:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/screenshot.py:162:50: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/screenshot.py:163:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/screenshot.py:163:79: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/screenshot.py:176:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/screenshot.py:176:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/screenshot.py:176:50: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/screenshot.py:177:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/screenshot.py:177:79: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/screenshot.py:188:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/screenshot.py:188:32: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/screenshot.py:188:45: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/screenshot.py:189:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/screenshot.py:189:74: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/screenshot.py:192:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/screenshot.py:192:37: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/screenshot.py:192:46: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/screenshot.py:193:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/screenshot.py:193:74: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/screenshot.py:218:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/screenshot.py:220:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/screenshot.py:221:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/screenshot.py:223:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/screenshot.py:225:5: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/screenshot.py:228:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/screenshot.py:242:38: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/screenshot.py:244:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/screenshot.py:246:1: E305 expected 2 blank lines after class or function definition, found 1
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/screenshot.py:256:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/screenshot.py:261:1: W391 blank line at end of file
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/eventdescription.py:6:1: E303 too many blank lines (4)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/eventdescription.py:7:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/eventdescription.py:8:1: F401 'sys' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/eventdescription.py:10:1: F401 'os.path' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/eventdescription.py:14:5: F401 '__builtin__ as builtin' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/eventdescription.py:15:1: F401 'os.path.exists' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/eventdescription.py:15:1: F401 'os.path.getmtime' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/eventdescription.py:17:1: F401 'types' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/eventdescription.py:21:1: F403 'from Cheetah.DummyTransaction import *' used; unable to detect undefined names
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/eventdescription.py:22:1: F401 'Cheetah.NameMapper.NotFound' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/eventdescription.py:23:1: F401 'Cheetah.CacheRegion.CacheRegion' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/eventdescription.py:24:1: F401 'Cheetah.Filters' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/eventdescription.py:25:1: F401 'Cheetah.ErrorCatchers' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/eventdescription.py:28:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/eventdescription.py:29:6: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/eventdescription.py:30:5: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/eventdescription.py:31:4: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/eventdescription.py:32:12: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/eventdescription.py:43:7: E121 continuation line under-indented for hanging indent
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/eventdescription.py:44:70: E228 missing whitespace around modulo operator
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/eventdescription.py:45:10: E121 continuation line under-indented for hanging indent
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/eventdescription.py:48:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/eventdescription.py:53:5: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/eventdescription.py:56:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/eventdescription.py:62:18: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/eventdescription.py:63:35: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/eventdescription.py:65:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/eventdescription.py:67:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/eventdescription.py:71:9: E303 too many blank lines (3)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/eventdescription.py:71:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/eventdescription.py:73:37: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/eventdescription.py:75:21: F405 'DummyTransaction' may be undefined, or defined from star imports: Cheetah.DummyTransaction
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/eventdescription.py:77:13: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/eventdescription.py:81:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/eventdescription.py:83:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/eventdescription.py:84:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/eventdescription.py:87:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/eventdescription.py:87:36: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/eventdescription.py:87:42: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/eventdescription.py:88:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/eventdescription.py:88:71: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/eventdescription.py:92:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/eventdescription.py:94:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/eventdescription.py:95:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/eventdescription.py:97:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/eventdescription.py:99:5: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/eventdescription.py:102:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/eventdescription.py:116:44: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/eventdescription.py:118:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/eventdescription.py:120:1: E305 expected 2 blank lines after class or function definition, found 1
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/eventdescription.py:130:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/eventdescription.py:135:1: W391 blank line at end of file
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/myepg.py:6:1: E303 too many blank lines (4)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/myepg.py:7:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/myepg.py:8:1: F401 'sys' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/myepg.py:10:1: F401 'os.path' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/myepg.py:14:5: F401 '__builtin__ as builtin' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/myepg.py:15:1: F401 'os.path.exists' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/myepg.py:15:1: F401 'os.path.getmtime' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/myepg.py:17:1: F401 'types' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/myepg.py:21:1: F403 'from Cheetah.DummyTransaction import *' used; unable to detect undefined names
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/myepg.py:22:1: F401 'Cheetah.NameMapper.NotFound' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/myepg.py:23:1: F401 'Cheetah.CacheRegion.CacheRegion' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/myepg.py:24:1: F401 'Cheetah.Filters' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/myepg.py:25:1: F401 'Cheetah.ErrorCatchers' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/myepg.py:26:1: F401 'Plugins.Extensions.OpenWebif.controllers.i18n.tstrings' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/myepg.py:29:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/myepg.py:30:6: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/myepg.py:31:5: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/myepg.py:32:4: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/myepg.py:33:12: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/myepg.py:44:7: E121 continuation line under-indented for hanging indent
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/myepg.py:45:70: E228 missing whitespace around modulo operator
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/myepg.py:46:10: E121 continuation line under-indented for hanging indent
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/myepg.py:49:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/myepg.py:54:5: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/myepg.py:57:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/myepg.py:63:18: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/myepg.py:64:35: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/myepg.py:66:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/myepg.py:68:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/myepg.py:72:9: E303 too many blank lines (3)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/myepg.py:72:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/myepg.py:74:37: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/myepg.py:76:21: F405 'DummyTransaction' may be undefined, or defined from star imports: Cheetah.DummyTransaction
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/myepg.py:78:13: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/myepg.py:82:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/myepg.py:84:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/myepg.py:85:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/myepg.py:95:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/myepg.py:95:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/myepg.py:95:46: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/myepg.py:96:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/myepg.py:96:75: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/myepg.py:107:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/myepg.py:107:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/myepg.py:107:53: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/myepg.py:108:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/myepg.py:108:82: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/myepg.py:111:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/myepg.py:111:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/myepg.py:111:48: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/myepg.py:112:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/myepg.py:112:77: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/myepg.py:122:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/myepg.py:122:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/myepg.py:122:49: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/myepg.py:123:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/myepg.py:123:78: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/myepg.py:150:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/myepg.py:152:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/myepg.py:153:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/myepg.py:155:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/myepg.py:157:5: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/myepg.py:160:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/myepg.py:174:33: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/myepg.py:176:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/myepg.py:178:1: E305 expected 2 blank lines after class or function definition, found 1
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/myepg.py:188:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/myepg.py:193:1: W391 blank line at end of file
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/config.py:6:1: E303 too many blank lines (4)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/config.py:7:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/config.py:8:1: F401 'sys' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/config.py:10:1: F401 'os.path' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/config.py:14:5: F401 '__builtin__ as builtin' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/config.py:15:1: F401 'os.path.exists' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/config.py:15:1: F401 'os.path.getmtime' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/config.py:17:1: F401 'types' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/config.py:21:1: F403 'from Cheetah.DummyTransaction import *' used; unable to detect undefined names
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/config.py:22:1: F401 'Cheetah.NameMapper.NotFound' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/config.py:23:1: F401 'Cheetah.CacheRegion.CacheRegion' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/config.py:24:1: F401 'Cheetah.Filters' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/config.py:25:1: F401 'Cheetah.ErrorCatchers' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/config.py:26:1: F401 'Plugins.Extensions.OpenWebif.controllers.i18n.tstrings' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/config.py:29:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/config.py:30:6: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/config.py:31:5: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/config.py:32:4: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/config.py:33:12: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/config.py:44:7: E121 continuation line under-indented for hanging indent
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/config.py:45:70: E228 missing whitespace around modulo operator
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/config.py:46:10: E121 continuation line under-indented for hanging indent
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/config.py:49:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/config.py:54:5: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/config.py:57:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/config.py:63:18: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/config.py:64:35: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/config.py:66:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/config.py:68:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/config.py:72:9: E303 too many blank lines (3)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/config.py:72:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/config.py:75:37: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/config.py:77:21: F405 'DummyTransaction' may be undefined, or defined from star imports: Cheetah.DummyTransaction
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/config.py:79:13: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/config.py:83:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/config.py:85:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/config.py:86:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/config.py:91:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/config.py:91:43: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/config.py:91:49: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/config.py:92:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/config.py:92:78: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/config.py:97:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/config.py:97:36: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/config.py:97:42: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/config.py:98:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/config.py:98:71: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/config.py:100:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/config.py:100:36: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/config.py:100:42: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/config.py:101:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/config.py:101:71: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/config.py:104:31: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/config.py:104:53: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/config.py:104:60: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/config.py:105:24: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/config.py:105:46: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/config.py:105:64: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/config.py:105:73: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/config.py:105:83: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/config.py:107:30: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/config.py:107:39: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/config.py:107:48: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/config.py:108:34: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/config.py:108:77: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/config.py:110:30: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/config.py:110:39: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/config.py:110:48: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/config.py:111:34: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/config.py:111:77: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/config.py:114:18: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/config.py:116:30: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/config.py:116:39: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/config.py:116:48: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/config.py:117:34: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/config.py:117:77: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/config.py:119:30: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/config.py:119:39: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/config.py:119:48: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/config.py:120:34: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/config.py:120:77: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/config.py:127:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/config.py:129:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/config.py:130:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/config.py:132:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/config.py:134:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/config.py:138:9: E303 too many blank lines (3)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/config.py:138:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/config.py:141:37: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/config.py:143:21: F405 'DummyTransaction' may be undefined, or defined from star imports: Cheetah.DummyTransaction
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/config.py:145:13: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/config.py:149:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/config.py:151:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/config.py:152:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/config.py:156:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/config.py:156:43: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/config.py:156:49: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/config.py:157:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/config.py:157:78: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/config.py:163:20: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/config.py:163:42: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/config.py:163:49: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/config.py:166:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/config.py:166:40: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/config.py:166:46: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/config.py:167:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/config.py:167:75: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/config.py:169:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/config.py:169:40: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/config.py:169:46: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/config.py:170:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/config.py:170:75: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/config.py:172:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/config.py:172:40: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/config.py:172:46: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/config.py:173:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/config.py:173:75: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/config.py:178:14: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/config.py:181:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/config.py:181:40: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/config.py:181:46: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/config.py:182:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/config.py:182:75: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/config.py:184:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/config.py:184:40: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/config.py:184:46: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/config.py:185:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/config.py:185:75: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/config.py:187:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/config.py:187:40: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/config.py:187:46: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/config.py:188:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/config.py:188:75: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/config.py:195:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/config.py:195:36: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/config.py:195:42: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/config.py:196:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/config.py:196:71: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/config.py:201:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/config.py:203:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/config.py:204:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/config.py:206:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/config.py:208:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/config.py:212:9: E303 too many blank lines (3)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/config.py:212:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/config.py:215:37: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/config.py:217:21: F405 'DummyTransaction' may be undefined, or defined from star imports: Cheetah.DummyTransaction
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/config.py:219:13: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/config.py:223:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/config.py:225:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/config.py:226:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/config.py:230:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/config.py:230:43: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/config.py:230:49: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/config.py:231:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/config.py:231:78: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/config.py:236:31: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/config.py:236:53: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/config.py:236:60: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/config.py:237:24: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/config.py:237:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/config.py:237:51: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/config.py:237:73: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/config.py:237:80: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/config.py:239:30: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/config.py:239:44: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/config.py:239:50: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/config.py:240:34: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/config.py:240:79: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/config.py:242:30: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/config.py:242:44: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/config.py:242:50: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/config.py:243:34: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/config.py:243:79: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/config.py:245:30: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/config.py:245:44: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/config.py:245:50: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/config.py:246:34: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/config.py:246:79: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/config.py:249:18: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/config.py:251:30: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/config.py:251:44: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/config.py:251:50: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/config.py:252:34: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/config.py:252:79: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/config.py:254:30: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/config.py:254:44: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/config.py:254:50: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/config.py:255:34: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/config.py:255:79: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/config.py:257:30: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/config.py:257:44: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/config.py:257:50: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/config.py:258:34: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/config.py:258:79: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/config.py:262:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/config.py:262:40: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/config.py:262:46: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/config.py:263:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/config.py:263:75: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/config.py:265:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/config.py:265:35: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/config.py:265:41: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/config.py:266:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/config.py:266:70: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/config.py:272:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/config.py:274:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/config.py:275:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/config.py:277:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/config.py:279:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/config.py:283:9: E303 too many blank lines (3)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/config.py:283:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/config.py:286:37: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/config.py:288:21: F405 'DummyTransaction' may be undefined, or defined from star imports: Cheetah.DummyTransaction
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/config.py:290:13: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/config.py:294:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/config.py:296:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/config.py:297:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/config.py:301:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/config.py:301:43: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/config.py:301:49: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/config.py:302:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/config.py:302:78: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/config.py:308:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/config.py:308:36: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/config.py:308:42: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/config.py:309:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/config.py:309:73: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/config.py:311:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/config.py:311:36: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/config.py:311:42: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/config.py:312:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/config.py:312:73: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/config.py:314:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/config.py:314:44: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/config.py:314:50: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/config.py:315:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/config.py:315:79: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/config.py:317:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/config.py:317:44: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/config.py:317:50: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/config.py:318:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/config.py:318:79: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/config.py:320:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/config.py:320:36: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/config.py:320:42: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/config.py:321:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/config.py:321:71: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/config.py:327:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/config.py:329:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/config.py:330:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/config.py:332:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/config.py:334:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/config.py:338:9: E303 too many blank lines (3)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/config.py:338:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/config.py:340:37: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/config.py:342:21: F405 'DummyTransaction' may be undefined, or defined from star imports: Cheetah.DummyTransaction
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/config.py:344:13: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/config.py:348:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/config.py:350:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/config.py:351:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/config.py:363:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/config.py:363:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/config.py:363:51: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/config.py:364:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/config.py:364:80: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/config.py:366:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/config.py:366:30: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/config.py:366:36: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/config.py:367:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/config.py:367:65: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/config.py:372:31: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/config.py:372:41: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/config.py:372:48: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/config.py:373:24: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/config.py:373:43: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/config.py:373:62: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/config.py:375:30: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/config.py:375:39: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/config.py:375:55: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/config.py:375:64: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/config.py:375:71: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/config.py:376:34: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/config.py:376:83: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/config.py:379:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/config.py:379:45: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/config.py:379:66: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/config.py:381:30: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/config.py:381:41: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/config.py:381:57: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/config.py:381:66: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/config.py:381:73: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/config.py:382:34: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/config.py:382:85: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/config.py:385:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/config.py:385:45: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/config.py:385:71: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/config.py:387:30: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/config.py:387:46: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/config.py:387:62: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/config.py:387:71: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/config.py:387:78: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/config.py:388:34: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/config.py:388:90: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/config.py:391:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/config.py:391:45: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/config.py:391:64: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/config.py:393:30: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/config.py:393:39: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/config.py:393:55: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/config.py:393:64: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/config.py:393:80: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/config.py:393:91: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/config.py:393:98: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/config.py:394:34: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/config.py:394:94: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/config.py:397:28: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/config.py:397:39: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/config.py:397:58: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/config.py:398:21: F841 local variable 'isactive' is assigned to but never used
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/config.py:408:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/config.py:410:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/config.py:411:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/config.py:413:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/config.py:415:5: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/config.py:418:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/config.py:432:34: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/config.py:434:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/config.py:436:1: E305 expected 2 blank lines after class or function definition, found 1
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/config.py:446:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/config.py:451:1: W391 blank line at end of file
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:6:1: E303 too many blank lines (4)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:7:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:8:1: F401 'sys' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:10:1: F401 'os.path' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:14:5: F401 '__builtin__ as builtin' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:15:1: F401 'os.path.exists' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:15:1: F401 'os.path.getmtime' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:17:1: F401 'types' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:21:1: F403 'from Cheetah.DummyTransaction import *' used; unable to detect undefined names
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:22:1: F401 'Cheetah.NameMapper.NotFound' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:23:1: F401 'Cheetah.CacheRegion.CacheRegion' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:24:1: F401 'Cheetah.Filters' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:25:1: F401 'Cheetah.ErrorCatchers' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:26:1: F401 'json.dumps' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:28:1: F401 'Plugins.Extensions.OpenWebif.controllers.i18n.tstrings' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:29:1: F401 'Plugins.Extensions.OpenWebif.vtiaddon.showPiconBackground' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:29:1: F401 'Plugins.Extensions.OpenWebif.vtiaddon.showPicons' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:32:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:33:6: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:34:5: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:35:4: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:36:12: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:47:7: E121 continuation line under-indented for hanging indent
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:48:70: E228 missing whitespace around modulo operator
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:49:10: E121 continuation line under-indented for hanging indent
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:52:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:57:5: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:60:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:66:18: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:67:35: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:69:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:71:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:75:9: E303 too many blank lines (3)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:75:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:77:37: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:79:21: F405 'DummyTransaction' may be undefined, or defined from star imports: Cheetah.DummyTransaction
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:81:13: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:85:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:87:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:88:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:91:9: F841 local variable 'etime' is assigned to but never used
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:91:40: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:91:54: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:92:9: F841 local variable 'channel' is assigned to but never used
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:92:31: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:92:47: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:92:53: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:92:63: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:93:9: F841 local variable 'title' is assigned to but never used
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:93:29: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:93:43: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:93:49: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:93:59: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:94:9: F841 local variable 'sref' is assigned to but never used
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:94:30: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:94:43: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:95:9: F841 local variable 'endTime' is assigned to but never used
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:95:27: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:95:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:95:49: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:95:63: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:95:80: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:95:97: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:96:9: F841 local variable 'metadata' is assigned to but never used
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:96:28: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:96:36: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:96:45: E201 whitespace after '{'
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:96:68: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:96:81: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:96:104: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:96:115: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:96:140: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:96:154: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:96:177: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:96:183: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:96:199: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:96:213: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:96:230: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:96:247: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:96:254: E202 whitespace before '}'
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:100:20: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:100:42: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:100:49: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:101:13: F841 local variable 'piconCssClass' is assigned to but never used
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:104:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:104:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:104:39: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:105:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:105:68: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:111:20: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:111:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:111:63: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:111:71: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:111:78: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:112:13: F841 local variable 'piconHTML' is assigned to but never used
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:112:89: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:112:103: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:114:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:114:42: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:114:48: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:115:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:115:77: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:118:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:118:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:118:39: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:119:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:119:68: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:121:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:121:36: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:121:42: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:122:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:122:71: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:124:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:124:37: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:124:53: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:125:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:125:82: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:127:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:127:36: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:127:42: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:128:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:128:71: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:130:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:130:38: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:130:44: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:131:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:131:73: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:135:14: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:137:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:137:36: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:137:42: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:138:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:138:71: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:147:20: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:147:27: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:147:45: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:149:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:149:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:149:39: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:150:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:150:68: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:152:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:152:36: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:152:42: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:153:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:153:71: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:155:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:155:37: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:155:56: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:156:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:156:85: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:161:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:161:29: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:161:35: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:162:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:162:64: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:164:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:164:32: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:164:38: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:165:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:165:67: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:167:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:167:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:167:49: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:168:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:168:78: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:170:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:170:32: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:170:38: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:171:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:171:67: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:175:31: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:176:13: F841 local variable 'rname' is assigned to but never used
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:176:35: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:176:45: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:178:13: F841 local variable 'lnk' is assigned to but never used
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:178:35: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:178:41: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:178:61: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:178:67: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:178:73: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:178:82: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:178:95: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:178:105: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:178:124: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:178:134: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:180:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:180:32: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:180:38: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:181:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:181:67: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:183:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:183:37: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:183:65: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:184:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:184:94: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:187:14: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:189:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:189:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:189:39: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:190:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:190:68: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:192:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:192:36: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:192:42: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:193:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:193:71: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:195:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:195:37: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:195:59: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:196:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:196:88: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:198:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:198:36: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:198:42: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:199:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:199:71: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:202:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:202:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:202:39: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:203:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:203:68: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:205:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:205:36: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:205:42: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:206:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:206:71: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:208:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:208:37: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:208:53: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:209:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:209:82: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:211:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:211:36: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:211:42: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:212:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:212:71: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:215:24: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:215:38: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:215:45: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:217:30: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:217:37: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:217:43: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:218:34: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:218:72: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:220:30: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:220:40: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:220:46: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:221:34: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:221:75: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:223:30: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:223:41: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:223:57: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:224:34: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:224:86: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:226:30: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:226:41: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:226:61: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:227:34: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:227:90: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:229:30: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:229:40: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:229:46: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:230:34: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:230:75: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:246:23: W291 trailing whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:255:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:255:36: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:255:42: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:256:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:256:71: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:259:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:259:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:259:63: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:259:70: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:259:76: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:259:87: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:259:109: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:259:117: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:259:127: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:260:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:260:111: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:262:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:262:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:262:39: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:262:50: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:262:72: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:262:80: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:262:87: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:263:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:263:87: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:265:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:265:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:265:65: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:265:72: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:265:78: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:265:89: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:265:111: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:265:119: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:265:129: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:266:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:266:113: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:268:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:268:40: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:268:46: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:269:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:269:75: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:271:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:271:34: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:271:40: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:272:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:272:69: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:274:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:274:28: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:274:44: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:274:61: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:274:67: E226 missing whitespace around arithmetic operator
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:274:71: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:275:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:275:83: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:282:20: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:282:34: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:282:52: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:282:70: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:282:77: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:284:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:284:44: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:284:50: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:285:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:285:79: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:294:30: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:294:47: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:294:53: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:294:63: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:294:75: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:294:84: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:294:94: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:294:111: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:294:120: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:295:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:295:127: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:301:20: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:301:43: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:301:50: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:305:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:305:49: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:305:62: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:306:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:306:91: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:307:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:307:34: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:307:50: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:307:64: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:307:71: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:308:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:308:83: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:310:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:310:37: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:310:53: E226 missing whitespace around arithmetic operator
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:310:62: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:310:85: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:310:98: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:311:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:311:111: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:315:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:315:49: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:315:63: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:316:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:316:92: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:327:20: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:327:34: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:327:41: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:328:24: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:328:48: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:328:55: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:330:30: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:330:37: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:330:43: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:331:34: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:331:72: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:333:30: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:333:44: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:333:50: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:334:34: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:334:79: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:336:30: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:336:42: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:336:48: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:337:34: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:337:77: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:339:30: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:339:41: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:339:64: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:340:34: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:340:93: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:345:18: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:347:30: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:347:37: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:347:43: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:348:34: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:348:72: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:350:30: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:350:44: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:350:50: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:351:34: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:351:79: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:353:30: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:353:42: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:353:48: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:354:34: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:354:77: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:356:30: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:356:41: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:356:63: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:357:34: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:357:92: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:363:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:363:37: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:363:57: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:364:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:364:86: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:369:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:369:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:369:39: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:370:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:370:68: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:372:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:372:37: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:372:43: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:373:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:373:72: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:375:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:375:37: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:375:59: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:376:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:376:88: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:381:14: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:383:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:383:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:383:39: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:384:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:384:68: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:386:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:386:37: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:386:43: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:387:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:387:72: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:389:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:389:37: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:389:56: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:390:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:390:85: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:395:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:395:37: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:395:50: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:396:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:396:79: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:398:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:398:37: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:398:57: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:399:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:399:86: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:405:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:405:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:405:39: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:406:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:406:68: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:408:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:408:37: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:408:43: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:409:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:409:72: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:411:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:411:37: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:411:59: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:412:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:412:88: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:419:20: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:419:25: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:419:32: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:421:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:421:34: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:421:40: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:422:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:422:69: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:424:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:424:34: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:424:40: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:425:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:425:69: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:427:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:427:40: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:427:46: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:428:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:428:75: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:430:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:430:38: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:430:44: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:431:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:431:73: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:433:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:433:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:433:39: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:434:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:434:68: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:437:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:437:37: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:437:60: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:438:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:438:89: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:446:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:448:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:449:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:451:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:453:5: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:456:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:470:33: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:472:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:474:1: E305 expected 2 blank lines after class or function definition, found 1
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:484:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/event.py:489:1: W391 blank line at end of file
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:6:1: E303 too many blank lines (4)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:7:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:8:1: F401 'sys' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:10:1: F401 'os.path' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:14:5: F401 '__builtin__ as builtin' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:15:1: F401 'os.path.exists' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:15:1: F401 'os.path.getmtime' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:17:1: F401 'types' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:21:1: F403 'from Cheetah.DummyTransaction import *' used; unable to detect undefined names
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:22:1: F401 'Cheetah.NameMapper.NotFound' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:23:1: F401 'Cheetah.CacheRegion.CacheRegion' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:24:1: F401 'Cheetah.Filters' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:25:1: F401 'Cheetah.ErrorCatchers' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:26:1: F401 'json.dumps' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:28:1: F401 'Plugins.Extensions.OpenWebif.controllers.i18n.tstrings' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:29:1: F401 'Plugins.Extensions.OpenWebif.vtiaddon.MinEPGList' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:29:1: F401 'Plugins.Extensions.OpenWebif.vtiaddon.showPiconBackground' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:32:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:33:6: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:34:5: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:35:4: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:36:12: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:47:7: E121 continuation line under-indented for hanging indent
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:48:70: E228 missing whitespace around modulo operator
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:49:10: E121 continuation line under-indented for hanging indent
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:52:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:57:5: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:60:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:66:18: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:67:35: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:69:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:71:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:75:9: E303 too many blank lines (3)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:75:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:77:37: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:79:21: F405 'DummyTransaction' may be undefined, or defined from star imports: Cheetah.DummyTransaction
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:81:13: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:85:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:87:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:88:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:92:20: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:92:42: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:92:49: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:93:13: F841 local variable 'piconCssClass' is assigned to but never used
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:101:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:101:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:101:52: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:102:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:102:81: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:110:24: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:110:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:110:46: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:112:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:112:37: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:112:61: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:113:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:113:90: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:116:14: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:120:34: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:120:43: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:120:50: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:121:17: F841 local variable 'metadata' is assigned to but never used
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:121:36: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:121:44: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:121:53: E201 whitespace after '{'
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:121:76: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:121:89: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:121:112: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:121:123: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:121:148: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:121:162: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:121:185: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:121:197: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:121:203: E202 whitespace before '}'
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:124:17: F841 local variable 'channel' is assigned to but never used
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:124:39: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:124:53: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:124:59: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:124:69: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:125:17: F841 local variable 'title' is assigned to but never used
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:125:37: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:125:51: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:125:57: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:125:67: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:126:17: F841 local variable 'sref' is assigned to but never used
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:126:38: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:126:51: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:129:28: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:129:41: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:129:61: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:134:34: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:134:45: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:134:51: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:135:38: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:135:80: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:139:34: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:139:50: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:139:56: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:140:38: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:140:85: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:143:34: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:143:48: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:143:54: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:144:38: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:144:83: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:150:34: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:150:43: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:150:49: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:151:38: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:151:78: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:154:34: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:154:48: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:154:54: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:155:38: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:155:83: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:157:34: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:157:48: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:157:54: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:158:38: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:158:83: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:166:34: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:166:47: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:166:53: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:167:38: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:167:82: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:169:34: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:169:48: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:169:54: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:170:38: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:170:83: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:172:34: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:172:46: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:172:52: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:173:38: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:173:81: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:175:34: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:175:51: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:175:57: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:176:38: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:176:86: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:181:34: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:181:41: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:181:47: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:182:38: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:182:76: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:184:34: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:184:45: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:184:51: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:185:38: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:185:80: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:187:34: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:187:45: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:187:64: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:188:38: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:188:93: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:191:34: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:191:41: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:191:47: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:192:38: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:192:76: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:194:34: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:194:45: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:194:51: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:195:38: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:195:80: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:197:34: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:197:45: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:197:67: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:198:38: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:198:96: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:201:34: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:201:45: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:201:51: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:202:38: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:202:80: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:204:34: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:204:41: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:204:47: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:205:38: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:205:76: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:207:34: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:207:45: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:207:65: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:208:38: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:208:94: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:211:34: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:211:41: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:211:47: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:212:38: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:212:76: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:214:34: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:214:45: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:214:51: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:215:38: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:215:80: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:217:34: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:217:45: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:217:67: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:218:38: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:218:96: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:221:32: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:221:37: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:221:44: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:223:38: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:223:46: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:223:52: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:224:42: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:224:81: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:226:38: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:226:46: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:226:52: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:227:42: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:227:81: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:229:38: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:229:52: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:229:58: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:230:42: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:230:87: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:232:38: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:232:50: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:232:56: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:233:42: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:233:85: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:235:38: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:235:45: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:235:51: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:236:42: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:236:80: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:237:6: W291 trailing whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:239:38: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:239:49: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:239:72: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:240:42: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:240:101: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:245:32: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:245:55: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:245:62: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:247:38: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:247:61: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:247:74: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:248:42: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:248:103: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:249:38: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:249:46: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:249:62: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:249:76: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:249:83: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:250:42: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:250:95: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:252:38: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:252:49: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:252:65: E226 missing whitespace around arithmetic operator
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:252:74: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:252:97: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:252:110: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:253:42: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:253:123: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:255:38: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:255:61: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:255:75: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:256:42: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:256:104: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:261:34: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:261:43: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:261:49: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:262:38: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:262:78: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:265:34: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:265:52: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:265:58: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:266:38: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:266:87: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:270:42: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:270:59: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:270:65: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:270:75: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:270:87: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:270:97: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:270:107: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:270:116: W605 invalid escape sequence '\8'
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:270:120: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:270:130: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:271:38: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:271:135: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:278:22: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:283:34: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:283:45: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:283:51: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:284:38: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:284:80: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:290:34: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:290:50: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:290:56: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:291:38: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:291:85: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:294:34: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:294:48: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:294:54: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:295:38: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:295:83: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:299:34: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:299:48: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:299:54: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:300:38: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:300:83: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:303:40: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:303:48: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:303:55: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:307:47: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:307:60: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:307:89: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:307:102: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:307:133: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:307:146: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:307:178: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:307:191: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:307:198: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:310:30: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:312:42: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:312:63: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:312:69: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:313:46: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:313:98: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:315:42: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:315:53: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:315:59: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:316:46: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:316:88: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:324:34: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:324:48: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:324:54: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:325:38: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:325:83: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:329:34: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:329:41: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:329:47: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:330:38: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:330:76: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:332:34: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:332:45: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:332:51: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:333:38: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:333:80: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:335:34: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:335:45: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:335:64: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:336:38: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:336:93: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:339:34: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:339:41: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:339:47: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:340:38: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:340:76: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:342:34: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:342:45: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:342:51: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:343:38: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:343:80: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:345:34: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:345:45: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:345:67: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:346:38: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:346:96: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:349:34: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:349:45: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:349:51: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:350:38: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:350:80: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:352:34: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:352:41: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:352:47: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:353:38: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:353:76: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:355:34: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:355:45: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:355:65: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:356:38: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:356:94: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:359:34: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:359:41: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:359:47: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:360:38: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:360:76: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:362:34: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:362:45: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:362:51: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:363:38: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:363:80: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:365:34: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:365:45: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:365:67: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:366:38: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:366:96: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:369:32: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:369:37: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:369:44: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:371:38: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:371:46: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:371:52: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:372:42: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:372:81: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:374:38: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:374:46: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:374:52: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:375:42: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:375:81: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:377:38: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:377:52: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:377:58: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:378:42: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:378:87: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:380:38: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:380:50: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:380:56: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:381:42: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:381:85: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:383:38: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:383:45: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:383:51: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:384:42: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:384:80: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:387:38: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:387:49: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:387:72: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:388:42: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:388:101: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:393:32: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:393:55: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:393:62: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:395:38: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:395:61: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:395:74: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:396:42: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:396:103: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:397:38: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:397:46: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:397:62: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:397:76: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:397:83: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:398:42: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:398:95: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:400:38: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:400:49: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:400:65: E226 missing whitespace around arithmetic operator
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:400:74: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:400:97: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:400:110: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:401:42: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:401:123: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:403:38: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:403:61: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:403:75: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:404:42: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:404:104: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:411:34: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:411:47: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:411:53: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:412:38: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:412:82: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:415:34: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:415:48: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:415:54: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:416:38: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:416:83: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:418:34: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:418:46: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:418:52: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:419:38: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:419:81: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:421:34: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:421:51: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:421:57: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:422:38: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:422:86: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:431:32: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:431:49: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:431:62: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:433:38: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:433:47: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:433:53: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:434:42: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:434:82: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:437:38: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:437:56: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:437:62: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:438:42: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:438:91: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:442:38: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:442:47: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:442:53: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:443:42: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:443:82: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:446:46: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:446:63: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:446:69: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:446:79: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:446:91: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:446:101: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:446:111: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:446:120: W605 invalid escape sequence '\8'
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:446:124: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:446:134: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:447:42: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:447:139: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:451:26: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:453:38: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:453:56: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:453:62: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:454:42: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:454:91: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:467:17: F841 local variable 'dataid' is assigned to but never used
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:467:34: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:467:43: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:467:49: E226 missing whitespace around arithmetic operator
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:472:34: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:472:43: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:472:50: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:474:30: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:474:44: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:474:50: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:475:34: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:475:79: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:477:30: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:477:42: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:477:48: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:478:34: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:478:77: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:480:30: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:480:49: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:480:55: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:481:34: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:481:84: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:503:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:505:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:506:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:508:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:510:5: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:513:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:527:37: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:529:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:531:1: E305 expected 2 blank lines after class or function definition, found 1
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:541:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/epgdialog.py:546:1: W391 blank line at end of file
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:6:1: E303 too many blank lines (4)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:7:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:8:1: F401 'sys' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:10:1: F401 'os.path' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:14:5: F401 '__builtin__ as builtin' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:15:1: F401 'os.path.exists' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:15:1: F401 'os.path.getmtime' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:17:1: F401 'types' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:21:1: F403 'from Cheetah.DummyTransaction import *' used; unable to detect undefined names
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:22:1: F401 'Cheetah.NameMapper.NotFound' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:23:1: F401 'Cheetah.CacheRegion.CacheRegion' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:24:1: F401 'Cheetah.Filters' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:25:1: F401 'Cheetah.ErrorCatchers' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:26:1: F401 'six.moves.urllib.parse.quote' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:27:1: F401 'Plugins.Extensions.OpenWebif.controllers.i18n.tstrings' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:28:1: F401 'Plugins.Extensions.OpenWebif.vtiaddon.MinMovieList' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:31:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:32:6: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:33:5: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:34:4: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:35:12: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:46:7: E121 continuation line under-indented for hanging indent
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:47:70: E228 missing whitespace around modulo operator
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:48:10: E121 continuation line under-indented for hanging indent
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:51:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:56:5: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:59:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:65:18: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:66:35: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:68:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:70:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:74:9: E303 too many blank lines (3)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:74:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:76:37: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:78:21: F405 'DummyTransaction' may be undefined, or defined from star imports: Cheetah.DummyTransaction
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:80:13: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:84:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:86:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:87:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:90:20: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:90:35: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:90:55: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:98:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:98:37: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:98:53: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:99:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:99:82: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:109:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:109:37: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:109:51: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:110:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:110:80: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:113:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:113:37: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:113:51: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:114:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:114:80: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:117:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:117:37: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:117:51: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:118:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:118:80: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:121:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:121:37: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:121:51: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:122:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:122:80: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:139:34: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:139:43: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:139:50: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:145:28: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:145:56: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:145:69: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:146:32: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:146:50: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:146:63: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:149:38: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:149:56: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:149:62: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:150:42: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:150:91: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:152:38: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:152:58: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:152:64: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:153:42: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:153:93: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:156:38: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:156:46: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:156:52: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:157:42: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:157:81: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:160:38: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:160:58: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:160:64: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:161:42: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:161:93: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:164:26: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:167:38: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:167:55: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:167:61: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:168:42: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:168:90: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:171:38: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:171:46: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:171:52: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:172:42: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:172:81: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:175:38: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:175:58: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:175:64: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:176:42: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:176:93: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:179:30: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:179:48: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:179:61: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:181:34: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:181:52: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:181:58: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:182:38: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:182:87: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:184:34: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:184:54: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:184:60: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:185:38: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:185:89: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:188:22: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:190:34: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:190:51: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:190:57: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:191:38: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:191:86: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:197:28: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:197:46: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:197:59: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:198:34: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:198:45: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:198:106: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:198:128: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:200:34: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:200:39: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:200:45: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:201:38: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:201:74: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:203:34: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:203:52: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:203:58: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:204:38: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:204:87: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:206:34: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:206:49: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:206:55: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:207:38: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:207:84: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:209:34: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:209:60: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:209:66: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:210:38: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:210:95: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:217:30: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:217:38: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:217:54: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:217:73: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:217:80: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:218:34: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:218:92: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:220:30: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:220:41: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:220:59: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:221:34: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:221:88: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:224:28: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:224:42: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:224:49: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:226:34: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:226:42: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:226:58: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:226:75: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:226:82: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:227:38: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:227:94: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:229:34: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:229:45: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:229:61: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:230:38: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:230:90: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:232:34: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:232:52: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:232:58: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:233:38: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:233:87: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:236:34: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:236:42: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:236:58: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:236:75: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:236:82: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:237:38: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:237:94: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:239:34: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:239:45: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:239:61: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:240:38: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:240:90: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:242:34: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:242:45: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:242:65: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:243:38: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:243:94: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:245:34: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:245:52: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:245:58: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:246:38: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:246:87: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:249:22: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:251:34: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:251:42: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:251:58: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:251:75: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:251:82: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:252:38: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:252:94: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:254:34: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:254:45: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:254:61: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:255:38: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:255:90: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:257:34: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:257:52: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:257:58: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:258:38: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:258:87: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:263:49: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:263:67: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:263:73: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:263:83: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:265:30: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:265:38: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:265:54: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:265:71: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:265:78: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:266:34: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:266:90: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:268:30: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:268:41: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:268:59: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:269:34: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:269:88: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:271:30: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:271:48: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:271:54: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:272:34: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:272:83: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:275:30: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:275:38: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:275:54: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:275:73: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:275:80: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:276:34: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:276:92: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:278:30: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:278:50: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:278:56: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:279:34: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:279:85: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:281:30: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:281:41: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:281:67: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:282:34: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:282:96: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:285:30: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:285:38: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:285:54: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:285:73: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:285:80: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:286:34: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:286:92: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:288:30: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:288:38: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:288:44: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:289:34: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:289:73: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:291:30: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:291:50: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:291:56: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:292:34: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:292:85: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:294:30: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:294:41: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:294:67: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:295:34: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:295:96: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:299:30: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:299:38: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:299:44: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:300:34: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:300:73: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:303:30: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:303:58: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:303:64: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:304:34: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:304:93: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:308:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:308:41: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:317:14: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:324:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:324:37: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:324:53: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:325:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:325:82: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:335:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:335:37: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:335:51: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:336:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:336:80: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:339:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:339:37: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:339:51: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:340:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:340:80: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:343:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:343:37: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:343:51: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:344:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:344:80: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:347:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:347:37: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:347:51: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:348:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:348:80: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:358:13: F841 local variable 'path' is assigned to but never used
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:364:34: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:364:43: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:364:50: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:367:30: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:367:38: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:367:44: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:368:34: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:368:73: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:375:28: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:375:46: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:375:59: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:376:34: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:376:45: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:376:106: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:376:128: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:378:34: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:378:39: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:378:45: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:379:38: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:379:74: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:381:34: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:381:52: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:381:58: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:382:38: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:382:87: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:384:34: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:384:49: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:384:55: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:385:38: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:385:84: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:387:34: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:387:60: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:387:66: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:388:38: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:388:95: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:393:28: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:393:56: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:393:69: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:394:32: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:394:50: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:394:63: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:397:38: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:397:56: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:397:62: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:398:42: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:398:91: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:400:38: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:400:58: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:400:64: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:401:42: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:401:93: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:404:38: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:404:46: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:404:52: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:405:42: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:405:81: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:408:38: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:408:58: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:408:64: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:409:42: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:409:93: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:412:26: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:415:38: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:415:55: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:415:61: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:416:42: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:416:90: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:419:38: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:419:46: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:419:52: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:420:42: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:420:81: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:423:38: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:423:58: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:423:64: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:424:42: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:424:93: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:427:30: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:427:48: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:427:61: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:429:34: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:429:52: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:429:58: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:430:38: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:430:87: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:432:34: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:432:54: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:432:60: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:433:38: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:433:89: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:436:22: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:438:34: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:438:51: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:438:57: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:439:38: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:439:86: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:445:28: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:445:46: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:445:59: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:447:34: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:447:52: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:447:58: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:448:38: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:448:87: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:450:34: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:450:54: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:450:60: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:451:38: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:451:89: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:454:22: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:456:34: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:456:51: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:456:57: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:457:38: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:457:86: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:464:30: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:464:38: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:464:54: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:464:73: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:464:80: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:465:34: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:465:92: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:467:30: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:467:41: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:467:59: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:468:34: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:468:88: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:471:28: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:471:42: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:471:49: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:473:34: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:473:42: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:473:58: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:473:75: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:473:82: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:474:38: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:474:94: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:476:34: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:476:45: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:476:61: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:477:38: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:477:90: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:479:34: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:479:52: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:479:58: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:480:38: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:480:87: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:483:34: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:483:42: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:483:58: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:483:75: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:483:82: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:484:38: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:484:94: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:486:34: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:486:45: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:486:61: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:487:38: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:487:90: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:489:34: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:489:45: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:489:65: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:490:38: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:490:94: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:492:34: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:492:52: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:492:58: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:493:38: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:493:87: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:496:22: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:498:34: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:498:42: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:498:58: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:498:75: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:498:82: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:499:38: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:499:94: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:501:34: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:501:45: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:501:61: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:502:38: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:502:90: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:504:34: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:504:52: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:504:58: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:505:38: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:505:87: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:510:17: F841 local variable 'eventname_escaped' is assigned to but never used
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:510:49: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:510:67: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:510:73: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:510:83: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:512:30: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:512:38: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:512:54: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:512:71: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:512:78: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:513:34: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:513:90: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:515:30: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:515:41: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:515:59: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:516:34: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:516:88: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:518:30: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:518:48: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:518:54: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:519:34: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:519:83: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:522:30: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:522:38: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:522:54: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:522:73: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:522:80: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:523:34: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:523:92: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:525:30: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:525:50: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:525:56: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:526:34: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:526:85: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:528:30: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:528:41: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:528:67: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:529:34: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:529:96: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:532:30: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:532:38: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:532:54: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:532:73: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:532:80: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:533:34: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:533:92: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:535:30: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:535:38: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:535:44: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:536:34: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:536:73: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:538:30: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:538:50: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:538:56: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:539:34: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:539:85: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:541:30: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:541:41: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:541:67: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:542:34: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:542:96: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:549:17: F841 local variable 'da' is assigned to but never used
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:549:30: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:549:41: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:549:102: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:549:124: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:551:30: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:551:35: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:551:41: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:552:34: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:552:70: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:555:29: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:555:46: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:557:28: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:557:32: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:557:43: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:558:21: F841 local variable 'w' is assigned to but never used
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:558:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:558:37: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:559:21: F841 local variable 'size' is assigned to but never used
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:559:40: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:559:44: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:562:34: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:562:41: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:562:47: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:563:38: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:563:76: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:569:30: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:569:37: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:569:43: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:570:34: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:570:72: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:574:30: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:574:45: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:574:51: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:575:34: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:575:80: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:577:30: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:577:56: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:577:62: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:578:34: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:578:91: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:588:30: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:588:38: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:588:44: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:589:34: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:589:73: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:591:30: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:591:50: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:591:56: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:592:34: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:592:85: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:595:30: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:595:38: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:595:44: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:596:34: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:596:73: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:599:30: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:599:58: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:599:64: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:600:34: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:600:93: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:624:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:624:29: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:624:35: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:625:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:625:64: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:630:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:632:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:633:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:635:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:637:5: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:640:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:654:39: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:656:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:658:1: E305 expected 2 blank lines after class or function definition, found 1
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:668:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/moviesearch.py:673:1: W391 blank line at end of file
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/edittimer.py:6:1: E303 too many blank lines (4)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/edittimer.py:7:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/edittimer.py:8:1: F401 'sys' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/edittimer.py:10:1: F401 'os.path' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/edittimer.py:14:5: F401 '__builtin__ as builtin' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/edittimer.py:15:1: F401 'os.path.exists' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/edittimer.py:15:1: F401 'os.path.getmtime' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/edittimer.py:17:1: F401 'types' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/edittimer.py:21:1: F403 'from Cheetah.DummyTransaction import *' used; unable to detect undefined names
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/edittimer.py:22:1: F401 'Cheetah.NameMapper.NotFound' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/edittimer.py:23:1: F401 'Cheetah.CacheRegion.CacheRegion' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/edittimer.py:24:1: F401 'Cheetah.Filters' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/edittimer.py:25:1: F401 'Cheetah.ErrorCatchers' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/edittimer.py:26:1: F401 'Plugins.Extensions.OpenWebif.controllers.i18n.tstrings' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/edittimer.py:29:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/edittimer.py:30:6: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/edittimer.py:31:5: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/edittimer.py:32:4: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/edittimer.py:33:12: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/edittimer.py:44:7: E121 continuation line under-indented for hanging indent
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/edittimer.py:45:70: E228 missing whitespace around modulo operator
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/edittimer.py:46:10: E121 continuation line under-indented for hanging indent
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/edittimer.py:49:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/edittimer.py:54:5: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/edittimer.py:57:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/edittimer.py:63:18: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/edittimer.py:64:35: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/edittimer.py:66:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/edittimer.py:68:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/edittimer.py:72:9: E303 too many blank lines (3)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/edittimer.py:72:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/edittimer.py:74:37: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/edittimer.py:76:21: F405 'DummyTransaction' may be undefined, or defined from star imports: Cheetah.DummyTransaction
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/edittimer.py:78:13: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/edittimer.py:82:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/edittimer.py:84:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/edittimer.py:85:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/edittimer.py:88:9: F841 local variable 'dayNamesShort' is assigned to but never used
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/edittimer.py:88:34: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/edittimer.py:88:45: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/edittimer.py:88:67: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/edittimer.py:88:78: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/edittimer.py:88:100: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/edittimer.py:88:111: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/edittimer.py:88:133: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/edittimer.py:88:144: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/edittimer.py:88:166: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/edittimer.py:88:177: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/edittimer.py:88:199: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/edittimer.py:88:210: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/edittimer.py:88:232: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/edittimer.py:88:243: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/edittimer.py:96:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/edittimer.py:96:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/edittimer.py:96:50: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/edittimer.py:97:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/edittimer.py:97:79: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/edittimer.py:105:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/edittimer.py:105:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/edittimer.py:105:52: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/edittimer.py:106:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/edittimer.py:106:81: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/edittimer.py:112:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/edittimer.py:112:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/edittimer.py:112:53: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/edittimer.py:113:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/edittimer.py:113:82: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/edittimer.py:117:20: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/edittimer.py:117:29: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/edittimer.py:117:36: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/edittimer.py:121:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/edittimer.py:121:37: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/edittimer.py:121:59: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/edittimer.py:122:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/edittimer.py:122:88: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/edittimer.py:126:14: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/edittimer.py:131:20: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/edittimer.py:131:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/edittimer.py:131:40: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/edittimer.py:136:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/edittimer.py:136:37: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/edittimer.py:136:57: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/edittimer.py:137:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/edittimer.py:137:86: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/edittimer.py:143:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/edittimer.py:143:37: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/edittimer.py:143:62: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/edittimer.py:144:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/edittimer.py:144:91: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/edittimer.py:149:14: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/edittimer.py:156:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/edittimer.py:156:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/edittimer.py:156:47: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/edittimer.py:157:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/edittimer.py:157:76: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/edittimer.py:163:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/edittimer.py:163:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/edittimer.py:163:47: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/edittimer.py:164:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/edittimer.py:164:76: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/edittimer.py:172:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/edittimer.py:172:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/edittimer.py:172:54: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/edittimer.py:173:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/edittimer.py:173:83: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/edittimer.py:179:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/edittimer.py:179:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/edittimer.py:179:54: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/edittimer.py:180:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/edittimer.py:180:83: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/edittimer.py:189:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/edittimer.py:189:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/edittimer.py:189:50: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/edittimer.py:190:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/edittimer.py:190:79: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/edittimer.py:196:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/edittimer.py:196:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/edittimer.py:196:48: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/edittimer.py:197:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/edittimer.py:197:77: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/edittimer.py:203:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/edittimer.py:203:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/edittimer.py:203:50: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/edittimer.py:204:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/edittimer.py:204:79: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/edittimer.py:213:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/edittimer.py:213:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/edittimer.py:213:48: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/edittimer.py:214:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/edittimer.py:214:77: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/edittimer.py:220:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/edittimer.py:220:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/edittimer.py:220:46: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/edittimer.py:221:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/edittimer.py:221:75: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/edittimer.py:229:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/edittimer.py:229:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/edittimer.py:229:51: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/edittimer.py:230:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/edittimer.py:230:80: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/edittimer.py:238:28: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/edittimer.py:238:44: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/edittimer.py:238:51: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/edittimer.py:239:13: F841 local variable 'value' is assigned to but never used
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/edittimer.py:239:34: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/edittimer.py:239:38: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/edittimer.py:242:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/edittimer.py:242:34: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/edittimer.py:242:40: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/edittimer.py:243:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/edittimer.py:243:69: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/edittimer.py:245:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/edittimer.py:245:30: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/edittimer.py:245:36: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/edittimer.py:246:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/edittimer.py:246:65: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/edittimer.py:249:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/edittimer.py:249:30: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/edittimer.py:249:36: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/edittimer.py:250:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/edittimer.py:250:65: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/edittimer.py:252:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/edittimer.py:252:32: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/edittimer.py:252:38: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/edittimer.py:253:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/edittimer.py:253:67: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/edittimer.py:257:13: F841 local variable 'i' is assigned to but never used
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/edittimer.py:257:25: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/edittimer.py:257:29: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/edittimer.py:257:35: E226 missing whitespace around arithmetic operator
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/edittimer.py:263:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/edittimer.py:263:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/edittimer.py:263:51: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/edittimer.py:264:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/edittimer.py:264:80: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/edittimer.py:270:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/edittimer.py:270:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/edittimer.py:270:50: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/edittimer.py:271:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/edittimer.py:271:79: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/edittimer.py:284:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/edittimer.py:284:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/edittimer.py:284:54: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/edittimer.py:285:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/edittimer.py:285:83: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/edittimer.py:292:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/edittimer.py:292:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/edittimer.py:292:50: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/edittimer.py:293:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/edittimer.py:293:79: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/edittimer.py:296:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/edittimer.py:296:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/edittimer.py:296:50: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/edittimer.py:297:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/edittimer.py:297:79: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/edittimer.py:300:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/edittimer.py:300:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/edittimer.py:300:51: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/edittimer.py:301:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/edittimer.py:301:80: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/edittimer.py:304:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/edittimer.py:304:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/edittimer.py:304:47: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/edittimer.py:305:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/edittimer.py:305:76: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/edittimer.py:317:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/edittimer.py:317:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/edittimer.py:317:46: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/edittimer.py:318:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/edittimer.py:318:75: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/edittimer.py:325:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/edittimer.py:325:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/edittimer.py:325:52: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/edittimer.py:326:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/edittimer.py:326:81: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/edittimer.py:336:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/edittimer.py:336:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/edittimer.py:336:47: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/edittimer.py:337:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/edittimer.py:337:76: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/edittimer.py:397:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/edittimer.py:399:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/edittimer.py:400:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/edittimer.py:402:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/edittimer.py:404:5: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/edittimer.py:407:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/edittimer.py:421:37: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/edittimer.py:423:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/edittimer.py:425:1: E305 expected 2 blank lines after class or function definition, found 1
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/edittimer.py:435:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/edittimer.py:440:1: W391 blank line at end of file
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/tv.py:6:1: E303 too many blank lines (4)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/tv.py:7:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/tv.py:8:1: F401 'sys' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/tv.py:10:1: F401 'os.path' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/tv.py:14:5: F401 '__builtin__ as builtin' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/tv.py:15:1: F401 'os.path.exists' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/tv.py:15:1: F401 'os.path.getmtime' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/tv.py:17:1: F401 'types' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/tv.py:21:1: F403 'from Cheetah.DummyTransaction import *' used; unable to detect undefined names
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/tv.py:22:1: F401 'Cheetah.NameMapper.NotFound' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/tv.py:23:1: F401 'Cheetah.CacheRegion.CacheRegion' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/tv.py:24:1: F401 'Cheetah.Filters' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/tv.py:25:1: F401 'Cheetah.ErrorCatchers' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/tv.py:26:1: F401 'Plugins.Extensions.OpenWebif.controllers.i18n.tstrings' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/tv.py:29:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/tv.py:30:6: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/tv.py:31:5: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/tv.py:32:4: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/tv.py:33:12: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/tv.py:44:7: E121 continuation line under-indented for hanging indent
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/tv.py:45:70: E228 missing whitespace around modulo operator
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/tv.py:46:10: E121 continuation line under-indented for hanging indent
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/tv.py:49:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/tv.py:54:5: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/tv.py:57:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/tv.py:63:18: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/tv.py:64:35: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/tv.py:66:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/tv.py:68:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/tv.py:72:9: E303 too many blank lines (3)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/tv.py:72:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/tv.py:74:37: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/tv.py:76:21: F405 'DummyTransaction' may be undefined, or defined from star imports: Cheetah.DummyTransaction
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/tv.py:78:13: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/tv.py:82:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/tv.py:84:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/tv.py:85:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/tv.py:95:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/tv.py:95:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/tv.py:95:53: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/tv.py:96:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/tv.py:96:82: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/tv.py:108:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/tv.py:108:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/tv.py:108:51: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/tv.py:109:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/tv.py:109:80: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/tv.py:112:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/tv.py:112:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/tv.py:112:52: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/tv.py:113:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/tv.py:113:81: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/tv.py:116:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/tv.py:116:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/tv.py:116:53: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/tv.py:117:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/tv.py:117:82: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/tv.py:120:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/tv.py:120:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/tv.py:120:55: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/tv.py:121:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/tv.py:121:84: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/tv.py:124:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/tv.py:124:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/tv.py:124:50: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/tv.py:125:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/tv.py:125:79: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/tv.py:144:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/tv.py:146:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/tv.py:147:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/tv.py:149:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/tv.py:151:5: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/tv.py:154:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/tv.py:168:30: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/tv.py:170:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/tv.py:172:1: E305 expected 2 blank lines after class or function definition, found 1
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/tv.py:182:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/tv.py:187:1: W391 blank line at end of file
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/renderevtblock.py:6:1: F401 'Plugins.Extensions.OpenWebif.controllers.i18n.tstrings' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/settings.py:6:1: E303 too many blank lines (4)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/settings.py:7:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/settings.py:8:1: F401 'sys' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/settings.py:10:1: F401 'os.path' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/settings.py:14:5: F401 '__builtin__ as builtin' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/settings.py:15:1: F401 'os.path.exists' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/settings.py:15:1: F401 'os.path.getmtime' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/settings.py:17:1: F401 'types' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/settings.py:21:1: F403 'from Cheetah.DummyTransaction import *' used; unable to detect undefined names
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/settings.py:22:1: F401 'Cheetah.NameMapper.NotFound' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/settings.py:23:1: F401 'Cheetah.CacheRegion.CacheRegion' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/settings.py:24:1: F401 'Cheetah.Filters' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/settings.py:25:1: F401 'Cheetah.ErrorCatchers' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/settings.py:26:1: F401 'Plugins.Extensions.OpenWebif.controllers.i18n.tstrings' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/settings.py:29:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/settings.py:30:6: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/settings.py:31:5: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/settings.py:32:4: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/settings.py:33:12: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/settings.py:44:7: E121 continuation line under-indented for hanging indent
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/settings.py:45:70: E228 missing whitespace around modulo operator
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/settings.py:46:10: E121 continuation line under-indented for hanging indent
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/settings.py:49:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/settings.py:54:5: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/settings.py:57:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/settings.py:63:18: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/settings.py:64:35: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/settings.py:66:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/settings.py:68:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/settings.py:72:9: E303 too many blank lines (3)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/settings.py:72:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/settings.py:74:37: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/settings.py:76:21: F405 'DummyTransaction' may be undefined, or defined from star imports: Cheetah.DummyTransaction
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/settings.py:78:13: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/settings.py:82:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/settings.py:84:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/settings.py:85:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/settings.py:96:46: W291 trailing whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/settings.py:100:47: W291 trailing whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/settings.py:135:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/settings.py:135:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/settings.py:135:51: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/settings.py:136:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/settings.py:136:80: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/settings.py:146:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/settings.py:146:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/settings.py:146:51: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/settings.py:147:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/settings.py:147:80: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/settings.py:150:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/settings.py:150:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/settings.py:150:52: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/settings.py:151:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/settings.py:151:81: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/settings.py:154:28: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/settings.py:154:45: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/settings.py:154:52: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/settings.py:156:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/settings.py:156:32: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/settings.py:156:45: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/settings.py:157:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/settings.py:157:74: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/settings.py:159:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/settings.py:159:32: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/settings.py:159:53: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/settings.py:160:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/settings.py:160:82: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/settings.py:174:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/settings.py:174:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/settings.py:174:51: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/settings.py:175:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/settings.py:175:80: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/settings.py:177:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/settings.py:177:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/settings.py:177:52: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/settings.py:178:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/settings.py:178:81: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/settings.py:186:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/settings.py:186:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/settings.py:186:52: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/settings.py:187:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/settings.py:187:81: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/settings.py:191:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/settings.py:191:45: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/settings.py:191:52: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/settings.py:196:13: F841 local variable 'dirs' is assigned to but never used
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/settings.py:196:32: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/settings.py:196:43: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/settings.py:196:49: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/settings.py:196:57: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/settings.py:197:32: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/settings.py:197:39: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/settings.py:197:46: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/settings.py:200:30: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/settings.py:200:36: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/settings.py:200:42: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/settings.py:201:34: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/settings.py:201:71: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/settings.py:207:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/settings.py:207:37: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/settings.py:207:43: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/settings.py:208:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/settings.py:208:72: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/settings.py:219:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/settings.py:219:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/settings.py:219:55: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/settings.py:220:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/settings.py:220:84: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/settings.py:227:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/settings.py:227:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/settings.py:227:56: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/settings.py:228:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/settings.py:228:85: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/settings.py:244:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/settings.py:244:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/settings.py:244:51: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/settings.py:245:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/settings.py:245:80: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/settings.py:247:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/settings.py:247:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/settings.py:247:51: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/settings.py:248:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/settings.py:248:80: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/settings.py:256:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/settings.py:256:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/settings.py:256:49: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/settings.py:257:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/settings.py:257:78: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/settings.py:260:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/settings.py:260:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/settings.py:260:52: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/settings.py:261:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/settings.py:261:81: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/settings.py:264:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/settings.py:264:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/settings.py:264:46: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/settings.py:265:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/settings.py:265:75: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/settings.py:268:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/settings.py:268:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/settings.py:268:47: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/settings.py:269:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/settings.py:269:76: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/settings.py:283:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/settings.py:283:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/settings.py:283:54: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/settings.py:284:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/settings.py:284:83: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/settings.py:289:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/settings.py:289:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/settings.py:289:59: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/settings.py:290:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/settings.py:290:88: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/settings.py:296:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/settings.py:296:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/settings.py:296:60: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/settings.py:297:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/settings.py:297:89: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/settings.py:307:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/settings.py:307:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/settings.py:307:57: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/settings.py:308:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/settings.py:308:86: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/settings.py:360:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/settings.py:360:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/settings.py:360:50: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/settings.py:361:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/settings.py:361:79: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/settings.py:383:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/settings.py:383:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/settings.py:383:58: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/settings.py:384:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/settings.py:384:87: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/settings.py:414:33: W291 trailing whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/settings.py:539:56: W291 trailing whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/settings.py:664:46: W291 trailing whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/settings.py:724:20: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/settings.py:724:37: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/settings.py:724:44: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/settings.py:727:14: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/settings.py:736:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/settings.py:738:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/settings.py:739:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/settings.py:741:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/settings.py:743:5: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/settings.py:746:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/settings.py:760:36: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/settings.py:762:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/settings.py:764:1: E305 expected 2 blank lines after class or function definition, found 1
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/settings.py:774:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/settings.py:779:1: W391 blank line at end of file
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/bouquets.py:6:1: E303 too many blank lines (4)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/bouquets.py:7:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/bouquets.py:8:1: F401 'sys' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/bouquets.py:10:1: F401 'os.path' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/bouquets.py:14:5: F401 '__builtin__ as builtin' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/bouquets.py:15:1: F401 'os.path.exists' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/bouquets.py:15:1: F401 'os.path.getmtime' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/bouquets.py:17:1: F401 'types' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/bouquets.py:21:1: F403 'from Cheetah.DummyTransaction import *' used; unable to detect undefined names
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/bouquets.py:22:1: F401 'Cheetah.NameMapper.NotFound' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/bouquets.py:23:1: F401 'Cheetah.CacheRegion.CacheRegion' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/bouquets.py:24:1: F401 'Cheetah.Filters' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/bouquets.py:25:1: F401 'Cheetah.ErrorCatchers' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/bouquets.py:26:1: F401 'six.moves.urllib.parse.quote' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/bouquets.py:27:1: F401 'Plugins.Extensions.OpenWebif.controllers.i18n.tstrings' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/bouquets.py:30:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/bouquets.py:31:6: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/bouquets.py:32:5: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/bouquets.py:33:4: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/bouquets.py:34:12: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/bouquets.py:45:7: E121 continuation line under-indented for hanging indent
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/bouquets.py:46:70: E228 missing whitespace around modulo operator
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/bouquets.py:47:10: E121 continuation line under-indented for hanging indent
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/bouquets.py:50:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/bouquets.py:55:5: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/bouquets.py:58:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/bouquets.py:64:18: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/bouquets.py:65:35: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/bouquets.py:67:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/bouquets.py:69:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/bouquets.py:73:9: E303 too many blank lines (3)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/bouquets.py:73:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/bouquets.py:75:37: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/bouquets.py:77:21: F405 'DummyTransaction' may be undefined, or defined from star imports: Cheetah.DummyTransaction
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/bouquets.py:79:13: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/bouquets.py:83:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/bouquets.py:85:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/bouquets.py:86:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/bouquets.py:90:20: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/bouquets.py:90:28: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/bouquets.py:90:46: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/bouquets.py:91:13: F841 local variable 'tabIcon' is assigned to but never used
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/bouquets.py:112:32: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/bouquets.py:112:43: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/bouquets.py:112:50: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/bouquets.py:114:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/bouquets.py:114:34: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/bouquets.py:114:50: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/bouquets.py:114:60: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/bouquets.py:114:70: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/bouquets.py:115:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/bouquets.py:115:82: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/bouquets.py:117:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/bouquets.py:117:34: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/bouquets.py:117:40: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/bouquets.py:118:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/bouquets.py:118:69: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/bouquets.py:120:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/bouquets.py:120:36: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/bouquets.py:120:45: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/bouquets.py:121:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/bouquets.py:121:74: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/bouquets.py:130:32: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/bouquets.py:130:43: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/bouquets.py:130:50: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/bouquets.py:133:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/bouquets.py:133:34: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/bouquets.py:133:50: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/bouquets.py:133:60: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/bouquets.py:133:70: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/bouquets.py:134:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/bouquets.py:134:82: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/bouquets.py:136:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/bouquets.py:136:34: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/bouquets.py:136:40: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/bouquets.py:137:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/bouquets.py:137:69: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/bouquets.py:139:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/bouquets.py:139:30: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/bouquets.py:139:36: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/bouquets.py:140:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/bouquets.py:140:65: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/bouquets.py:143:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/bouquets.py:143:36: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/bouquets.py:143:42: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/bouquets.py:144:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/bouquets.py:144:71: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/bouquets.py:146:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/bouquets.py:146:36: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/bouquets.py:146:45: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/bouquets.py:147:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/bouquets.py:147:74: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/bouquets.py:152:13: F841 local variable 'f' is assigned to but never used
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/bouquets.py:176:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/bouquets.py:178:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/bouquets.py:179:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/bouquets.py:181:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/bouquets.py:183:5: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/bouquets.py:186:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/bouquets.py:200:36: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/bouquets.py:202:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/bouquets.py:204:1: E305 expected 2 blank lines after class or function definition, found 1
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/bouquets.py:214:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/bouquets.py:219:1: W391 blank line at end of file
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/webtv.py:6:1: E303 too many blank lines (4)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/webtv.py:7:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/webtv.py:8:1: F401 'sys' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/webtv.py:10:1: F401 'os.path' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/webtv.py:14:5: F401 '__builtin__ as builtin' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/webtv.py:15:1: F401 'os.path.exists' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/webtv.py:15:1: F401 'os.path.getmtime' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/webtv.py:17:1: F401 'types' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/webtv.py:21:1: F403 'from Cheetah.DummyTransaction import *' used; unable to detect undefined names
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/webtv.py:22:1: F401 'Cheetah.NameMapper.NotFound' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/webtv.py:23:1: F401 'Cheetah.CacheRegion.CacheRegion' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/webtv.py:24:1: F401 'Cheetah.Filters' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/webtv.py:25:1: F401 'Cheetah.ErrorCatchers' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/webtv.py:26:1: F401 'Plugins.Extensions.OpenWebif.controllers.i18n.tstrings' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/webtv.py:29:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/webtv.py:30:6: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/webtv.py:31:5: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/webtv.py:32:4: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/webtv.py:33:12: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/webtv.py:44:7: E121 continuation line under-indented for hanging indent
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/webtv.py:45:70: E228 missing whitespace around modulo operator
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/webtv.py:46:10: E121 continuation line under-indented for hanging indent
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/webtv.py:49:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/webtv.py:54:5: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/webtv.py:57:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/webtv.py:63:18: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/webtv.py:64:35: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/webtv.py:66:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/webtv.py:68:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/webtv.py:72:9: E303 too many blank lines (3)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/webtv.py:72:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/webtv.py:74:37: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/webtv.py:76:21: F405 'DummyTransaction' may be undefined, or defined from star imports: Cheetah.DummyTransaction
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/webtv.py:78:13: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/webtv.py:82:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/webtv.py:84:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/webtv.py:85:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/webtv.py:88:34: W601 .has_key() is deprecated, use 'in'
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/webtv.py:92:1: E101 indentation contains mixed spaces and tabs
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/webtv.py:92:4: E126 continuation line over-indented for hanging indent
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/webtv.py:121:20: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/webtv.py:121:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/webtv.py:121:40: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/webtv.py:133:20: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/webtv.py:133:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/webtv.py:133:40: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/webtv.py:158:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/webtv.py:158:40: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/webtv.py:158:46: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/webtv.py:159:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/webtv.py:159:75: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/webtv.py:171:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/webtv.py:171:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/webtv.py:171:51: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/webtv.py:172:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/webtv.py:172:80: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/webtv.py:176:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/webtv.py:176:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/webtv.py:176:49: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/webtv.py:177:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/webtv.py:177:78: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/webtv.py:186:9: F841 local variable 'da' is assigned to but never used
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/webtv.py:186:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/webtv.py:186:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/webtv.py:187:9: F841 local variable 'na' is assigned to but never used
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/webtv.py:187:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/webtv.py:187:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/webtv.py:188:9: F841 local variable 'sortnames' is assigned to but never used
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/webtv.py:188:30: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/webtv.py:188:35: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/webtv.py:188:41: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/webtv.py:188:50: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/webtv.py:188:55: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/webtv.py:188:61: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/webtv.py:188:70: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/webtv.py:188:75: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/webtv.py:188:81: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/webtv.py:188:90: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/webtv.py:188:95: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/webtv.py:189:9: F841 local variable 'sorttypes' is assigned to but never used
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/webtv.py:189:28: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/webtv.py:189:36: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/webtv.py:189:43: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/webtv.py:190:9: F841 local variable 'sortimg' is assigned to but never used
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/webtv.py:190:39: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/webtv.py:190:60: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/webtv.py:190:82: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/webtv.py:191:30: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/webtv.py:191:42: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/webtv.py:191:49: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/webtv.py:193:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/webtv.py:193:38: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/webtv.py:193:53: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/webtv.py:193:61: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/webtv.py:193:68: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/webtv.py:194:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/webtv.py:194:81: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/webtv.py:196:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/webtv.py:196:36: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/webtv.py:196:51: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/webtv.py:196:59: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/webtv.py:196:66: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/webtv.py:197:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/webtv.py:197:79: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/webtv.py:199:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/webtv.py:199:34: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/webtv.py:199:40: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/webtv.py:200:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/webtv.py:200:69: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/webtv.py:214:20: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/webtv.py:214:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/webtv.py:214:40: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/webtv.py:223:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/webtv.py:223:35: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/webtv.py:223:41: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/webtv.py:224:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/webtv.py:224:70: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/webtv.py:226:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/webtv.py:226:29: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/webtv.py:226:35: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/webtv.py:227:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/webtv.py:227:64: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/webtv.py:229:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/webtv.py:229:39: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/webtv.py:229:45: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/webtv.py:230:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/webtv.py:230:74: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/webtv.py:237:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/webtv.py:239:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/webtv.py:240:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/webtv.py:242:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/webtv.py:244:5: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/webtv.py:247:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/webtv.py:261:33: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/webtv.py:263:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/webtv.py:265:1: E305 expected 2 blank lines after class or function definition, found 1
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/webtv.py:275:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/responsive/ajax/webtv.py:280:1: W391 blank line at end of file
plugin/controllers/views/bouqueteditor/web/getservices.py:6:1: E303 too many blank lines (4)
plugin/controllers/views/bouqueteditor/web/getservices.py:7:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/bouqueteditor/web/getservices.py:8:1: F401 'sys' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/bouqueteditor/web/getservices.py:10:1: F401 'os.path' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/bouqueteditor/web/getservices.py:14:5: F401 '__builtin__ as builtin' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/bouqueteditor/web/getservices.py:15:1: F401 'os.path.exists' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/bouqueteditor/web/getservices.py:15:1: F401 'os.path.getmtime' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/bouqueteditor/web/getservices.py:17:1: F401 'types' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/bouqueteditor/web/getservices.py:21:1: F403 'from Cheetah.DummyTransaction import *' used; unable to detect undefined names
plugin/controllers/views/bouqueteditor/web/getservices.py:22:1: F401 'Cheetah.NameMapper.NotFound' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/bouqueteditor/web/getservices.py:23:1: F401 'Cheetah.CacheRegion.CacheRegion' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/bouqueteditor/web/getservices.py:24:1: F401 'Cheetah.Filters' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/bouqueteditor/web/getservices.py:25:1: F401 'Cheetah.ErrorCatchers' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/bouqueteditor/web/getservices.py:28:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/bouqueteditor/web/getservices.py:29:6: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/bouqueteditor/web/getservices.py:30:5: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/bouqueteditor/web/getservices.py:31:4: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/bouqueteditor/web/getservices.py:32:12: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/bouqueteditor/web/getservices.py:43:7: E121 continuation line under-indented for hanging indent
plugin/controllers/views/bouqueteditor/web/getservices.py:44:70: E228 missing whitespace around modulo operator
plugin/controllers/views/bouqueteditor/web/getservices.py:45:10: E121 continuation line under-indented for hanging indent
plugin/controllers/views/bouqueteditor/web/getservices.py:48:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/bouqueteditor/web/getservices.py:53:5: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/bouqueteditor/web/getservices.py:56:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/bouqueteditor/web/getservices.py:62:18: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/bouqueteditor/web/getservices.py:63:35: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/bouqueteditor/web/getservices.py:65:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/bouqueteditor/web/getservices.py:67:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/bouqueteditor/web/getservices.py:71:9: E303 too many blank lines (3)
plugin/controllers/views/bouqueteditor/web/getservices.py:71:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/bouqueteditor/web/getservices.py:73:37: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/bouqueteditor/web/getservices.py:75:21: F405 'DummyTransaction' may be undefined, or defined from star imports: Cheetah.DummyTransaction
plugin/controllers/views/bouqueteditor/web/getservices.py:77:13: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/bouqueteditor/web/getservices.py:81:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/bouqueteditor/web/getservices.py:83:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/bouqueteditor/web/getservices.py:84:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/bouqueteditor/web/getservices.py:87:34: W601 .has_key() is deprecated, use 'in'
plugin/controllers/views/bouqueteditor/web/getservices.py:91:1: E101 indentation contains mixed spaces and tabs
plugin/controllers/views/bouqueteditor/web/getservices.py:91:4: E126 continuation line over-indented for hanging indent
plugin/controllers/views/bouqueteditor/web/getservices.py:95:32: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/bouqueteditor/web/getservices.py:95:43: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/bouqueteditor/web/getservices.py:95:50: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/bouqueteditor/web/getservices.py:98:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/bouqueteditor/web/getservices.py:98:53: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/bouqueteditor/web/getservices.py:98:59: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/bouqueteditor/web/getservices.py:99:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/bouqueteditor/web/getservices.py:99:88: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/bouqueteditor/web/getservices.py:102:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/bouqueteditor/web/getservices.py:102:48: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/bouqueteditor/web/getservices.py:102:54: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/bouqueteditor/web/getservices.py:103:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/bouqueteditor/web/getservices.py:103:83: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/bouqueteditor/web/getservices.py:106:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/bouqueteditor/web/getservices.py:106:44: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/bouqueteditor/web/getservices.py:106:50: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/bouqueteditor/web/getservices.py:107:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/bouqueteditor/web/getservices.py:107:79: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/bouqueteditor/web/getservices.py:110:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/bouqueteditor/web/getservices.py:110:45: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/bouqueteditor/web/getservices.py:110:51: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/bouqueteditor/web/getservices.py:111:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/bouqueteditor/web/getservices.py:111:80: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/bouqueteditor/web/getservices.py:114:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/bouqueteditor/web/getservices.py:114:48: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/bouqueteditor/web/getservices.py:114:54: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/bouqueteditor/web/getservices.py:115:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/bouqueteditor/web/getservices.py:115:83: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/bouqueteditor/web/getservices.py:118:24: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/bouqueteditor/web/getservices.py:118:42: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/bouqueteditor/web/getservices.py:118:54: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/bouqueteditor/web/getservices.py:119:41: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/bouqueteditor/web/getservices.py:119:59: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/bouqueteditor/web/getservices.py:119:66: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/bouqueteditor/web/getservices.py:122:34: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/bouqueteditor/web/getservices.py:122:62: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/bouqueteditor/web/getservices.py:122:68: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/bouqueteditor/web/getservices.py:123:38: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/bouqueteditor/web/getservices.py:123:97: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/bouqueteditor/web/getservices.py:126:34: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/bouqueteditor/web/getservices.py:126:57: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/bouqueteditor/web/getservices.py:126:63: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/bouqueteditor/web/getservices.py:127:38: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/bouqueteditor/web/getservices.py:127:92: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/bouqueteditor/web/getservices.py:136:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/bouqueteditor/web/getservices.py:138:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/bouqueteditor/web/getservices.py:139:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/bouqueteditor/web/getservices.py:141:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/bouqueteditor/web/getservices.py:143:5: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/bouqueteditor/web/getservices.py:146:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/bouqueteditor/web/getservices.py:160:39: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/bouqueteditor/web/getservices.py:162:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/bouqueteditor/web/getservices.py:164:1: E305 expected 2 blank lines after class or function definition, found 1
plugin/controllers/views/bouqueteditor/web/getservices.py:174:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/bouqueteditor/web/getservices.py:179:1: W391 blank line at end of file
plugin/controllers/views/bouqueteditor/web/getprotectionsettings.py:6:1: E303 too many blank lines (4)
plugin/controllers/views/bouqueteditor/web/getprotectionsettings.py:7:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/bouqueteditor/web/getprotectionsettings.py:8:1: F401 'sys' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/bouqueteditor/web/getprotectionsettings.py:10:1: F401 'os.path' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/bouqueteditor/web/getprotectionsettings.py:14:5: F401 '__builtin__ as builtin' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/bouqueteditor/web/getprotectionsettings.py:15:1: F401 'os.path.exists' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/bouqueteditor/web/getprotectionsettings.py:15:1: F401 'os.path.getmtime' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/bouqueteditor/web/getprotectionsettings.py:17:1: F401 'types' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/bouqueteditor/web/getprotectionsettings.py:21:1: F403 'from Cheetah.DummyTransaction import *' used; unable to detect undefined names
plugin/controllers/views/bouqueteditor/web/getprotectionsettings.py:22:1: F401 'Cheetah.NameMapper.NotFound' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/bouqueteditor/web/getprotectionsettings.py:23:1: F401 'Cheetah.CacheRegion.CacheRegion' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/bouqueteditor/web/getprotectionsettings.py:24:1: F401 'Cheetah.Filters' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/bouqueteditor/web/getprotectionsettings.py:25:1: F401 'Cheetah.ErrorCatchers' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/bouqueteditor/web/getprotectionsettings.py:28:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/bouqueteditor/web/getprotectionsettings.py:29:6: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/bouqueteditor/web/getprotectionsettings.py:30:5: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/bouqueteditor/web/getprotectionsettings.py:31:4: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/bouqueteditor/web/getprotectionsettings.py:32:12: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/bouqueteditor/web/getprotectionsettings.py:43:7: E121 continuation line under-indented for hanging indent
plugin/controllers/views/bouqueteditor/web/getprotectionsettings.py:44:70: E228 missing whitespace around modulo operator
plugin/controllers/views/bouqueteditor/web/getprotectionsettings.py:45:10: E121 continuation line under-indented for hanging indent
plugin/controllers/views/bouqueteditor/web/getprotectionsettings.py:48:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/bouqueteditor/web/getprotectionsettings.py:53:5: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/bouqueteditor/web/getprotectionsettings.py:56:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/bouqueteditor/web/getprotectionsettings.py:62:18: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/bouqueteditor/web/getprotectionsettings.py:63:35: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/bouqueteditor/web/getprotectionsettings.py:65:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/bouqueteditor/web/getprotectionsettings.py:67:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/bouqueteditor/web/getprotectionsettings.py:71:9: E303 too many blank lines (3)
plugin/controllers/views/bouqueteditor/web/getprotectionsettings.py:71:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/bouqueteditor/web/getprotectionsettings.py:73:37: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/bouqueteditor/web/getprotectionsettings.py:75:21: F405 'DummyTransaction' may be undefined, or defined from star imports: Cheetah.DummyTransaction
plugin/controllers/views/bouqueteditor/web/getprotectionsettings.py:77:13: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/bouqueteditor/web/getprotectionsettings.py:81:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/bouqueteditor/web/getprotectionsettings.py:83:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/bouqueteditor/web/getprotectionsettings.py:84:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/bouqueteditor/web/getprotectionsettings.py:87:34: W601 .has_key() is deprecated, use 'in'
plugin/controllers/views/bouqueteditor/web/getprotectionsettings.py:91:1: E101 indentation contains mixed spaces and tabs
plugin/controllers/views/bouqueteditor/web/getprotectionsettings.py:91:4: E126 continuation line over-indented for hanging indent
plugin/controllers/views/bouqueteditor/web/getprotectionsettings.py:96:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/bouqueteditor/web/getprotectionsettings.py:96:38: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/bouqueteditor/web/getprotectionsettings.py:96:44: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/bouqueteditor/web/getprotectionsettings.py:97:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/bouqueteditor/web/getprotectionsettings.py:97:73: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/bouqueteditor/web/getprotectionsettings.py:100:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/bouqueteditor/web/getprotectionsettings.py:100:32: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/bouqueteditor/web/getprotectionsettings.py:100:38: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/bouqueteditor/web/getprotectionsettings.py:101:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/bouqueteditor/web/getprotectionsettings.py:101:67: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/bouqueteditor/web/getprotectionsettings.py:104:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/bouqueteditor/web/getprotectionsettings.py:104:42: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/bouqueteditor/web/getprotectionsettings.py:104:48: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/bouqueteditor/web/getprotectionsettings.py:105:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/bouqueteditor/web/getprotectionsettings.py:105:77: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/bouqueteditor/web/getprotectionsettings.py:108:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/bouqueteditor/web/getprotectionsettings.py:108:36: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/bouqueteditor/web/getprotectionsettings.py:108:42: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/bouqueteditor/web/getprotectionsettings.py:109:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/bouqueteditor/web/getprotectionsettings.py:109:71: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/bouqueteditor/web/getprotectionsettings.py:115:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/bouqueteditor/web/getprotectionsettings.py:117:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/bouqueteditor/web/getprotectionsettings.py:118:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/bouqueteditor/web/getprotectionsettings.py:120:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/bouqueteditor/web/getprotectionsettings.py:122:5: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/bouqueteditor/web/getprotectionsettings.py:125:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/bouqueteditor/web/getprotectionsettings.py:139:49: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/bouqueteditor/web/getprotectionsettings.py:141:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/bouqueteditor/web/getprotectionsettings.py:143:1: E305 expected 2 blank lines after class or function definition, found 1
plugin/controllers/views/bouqueteditor/web/getprotectionsettings.py:153:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/bouqueteditor/web/getprotectionsettings.py:158:1: W391 blank line at end of file
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:6:1: E303 too many blank lines (4)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:7:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:8:1: F401 'sys' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:10:1: F401 'os.path' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:14:5: F401 '__builtin__ as builtin' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:15:1: F401 'os.path.exists' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:15:1: F401 'os.path.getmtime' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:17:1: F401 'types' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:21:1: F403 'from Cheetah.DummyTransaction import *' used; unable to detect undefined names
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:22:1: F401 'Cheetah.NameMapper.NotFound' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:23:1: F401 'Cheetah.CacheRegion.CacheRegion' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:24:1: F401 'Cheetah.Filters' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:25:1: F401 'Cheetah.ErrorCatchers' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:26:1: F401 'Plugins.Extensions.OpenWebif.controllers.i18n.tstrings' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:29:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:30:6: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:31:5: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:32:4: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:33:12: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:44:7: E121 continuation line under-indented for hanging indent
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:45:70: E228 missing whitespace around modulo operator
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:46:10: E121 continuation line under-indented for hanging indent
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:49:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:54:5: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:57:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:63:18: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:64:35: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:66:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:68:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:72:9: E303 too many blank lines (3)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:72:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:74:37: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:76:21: F405 'DummyTransaction' may be undefined, or defined from star imports: Cheetah.DummyTransaction
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:78:13: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:82:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:84:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:85:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:103:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:103:34: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:103:40: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:104:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:104:69: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:109:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:109:31: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:109:80: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:110:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:110:108: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:112:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:112:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:112:39: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:113:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:113:68: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:115:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:115:34: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:115:40: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:116:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:116:69: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:118:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:118:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:118:55: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:119:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:119:84: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:121:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:121:34: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:121:40: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:122:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:122:69: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:127:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:127:38: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:127:44: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:128:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:128:73: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:135:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:135:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:135:49: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:136:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:136:78: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:138:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:138:31: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:138:55: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:139:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:139:83: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:141:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:141:34: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:141:40: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:142:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:142:69: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:144:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:144:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:144:39: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:145:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:145:68: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:147:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:147:34: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:147:40: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:148:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:148:69: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:150:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:150:34: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:150:40: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:151:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:151:69: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:157:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:157:31: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:157:56: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:158:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:158:84: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:163:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:163:31: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:163:56: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:164:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:164:84: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:169:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:169:31: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:169:56: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:170:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:170:84: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:177:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:177:31: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:177:59: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:178:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:178:89: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:185:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:185:31: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:185:57: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:186:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:186:85: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:191:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:191:31: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:191:57: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:192:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:192:85: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:197:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:197:31: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:197:60: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:198:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:198:88: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:205:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:205:31: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:205:61: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:206:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:206:89: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:211:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:211:31: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:211:55: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:212:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:212:83: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:218:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:218:31: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:218:55: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:219:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:219:85: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:225:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:225:31: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:225:57: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:226:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:226:85: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:231:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:231:35: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:231:41: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:232:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:232:70: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:234:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:234:36: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:234:42: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:235:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:235:71: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:244:30: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:244:44: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:244:51: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:245:24: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:245:43: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:245:61: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:245:68: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:245:75: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:247:30: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:247:38: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:247:44: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:248:34: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:248:73: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:251:18: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:253:30: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:253:38: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:253:44: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:254:34: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:254:73: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:257:13: F841 local variable 'tnum' is assigned to but never used
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:257:28: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:257:35: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:264:20: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:264:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:264:45: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:267:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:267:27: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:267:33: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:268:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:268:62: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:272:20: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:272:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:272:40: E712 comparison to True should be 'if cond is True:' or 'if cond:'
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:272:48: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:275:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:275:27: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:275:33: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:276:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:276:62: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:280:20: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:280:32: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:280:39: E712 comparison to True should be 'if cond is True:' or 'if cond:'
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:280:47: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:283:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:283:27: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:283:33: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:284:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:284:62: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:288:20: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:288:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:288:61: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:288:74: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:288:88: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:291:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:291:27: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:291:33: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:292:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:292:62: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:296:20: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:296:34: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:296:50: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:299:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:299:27: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:299:33: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:300:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:300:62: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:304:20: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:304:32: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:304:39: E712 comparison to True should be 'if cond is True:' or 'if cond:'
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:304:47: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:307:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:307:27: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:307:33: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:308:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:308:62: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:312:20: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:312:37: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:312:44: E712 comparison to True should be 'if cond is True:' or 'if cond:'
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:312:52: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:313:13: F841 local variable 'ta' is assigned to but never used
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:315:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:315:27: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:315:33: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:316:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:316:62: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:330:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:330:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:330:50: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:331:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:331:79: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:336:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:336:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:336:47: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:337:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:337:76: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:339:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:339:34: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:339:40: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:340:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:340:69: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:343:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:343:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:343:51: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:344:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:344:80: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:346:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:346:38: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:346:44: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:347:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:347:73: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:350:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:350:39: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:350:45: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:351:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:351:74: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:353:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:353:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:353:52: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:354:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:354:81: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:356:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:356:39: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:356:45: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:357:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:357:74: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:362:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:362:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:362:54: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:363:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:363:83: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:365:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:365:35: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:365:41: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:366:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:366:70: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:369:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:369:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:369:55: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:370:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:370:84: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:372:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:372:36: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:372:42: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:373:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:373:71: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:376:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:376:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:376:53: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:377:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:377:82: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:379:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:379:34: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:379:40: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:380:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:380:69: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:385:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:385:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:385:52: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:386:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:386:81: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:388:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:388:35: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:388:41: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:389:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:389:70: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:392:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:392:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:392:48: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:393:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:393:77: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:395:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:395:35: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:395:41: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:396:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:396:70: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:399:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:399:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:399:54: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:400:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:400:83: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:402:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:402:34: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:402:40: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:403:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:403:69: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:408:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:408:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:408:51: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:409:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:409:80: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:411:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:411:36: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:411:42: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:412:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:412:71: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:415:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:415:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:415:53: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:416:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:416:82: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:418:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:418:39: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:418:45: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:419:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:419:74: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:422:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:422:36: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:422:42: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:423:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:423:71: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:425:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:425:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:425:50: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:426:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:426:79: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:428:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:428:36: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:428:42: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:429:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:429:71: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:434:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:434:34: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:434:40: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:435:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:435:69: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:437:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:437:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:437:48: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:438:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:438:77: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:440:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:440:34: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:440:40: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:441:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:441:69: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:444:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:444:34: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:444:40: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:445:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:445:69: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:447:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:447:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:447:48: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:448:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:448:77: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:450:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:450:34: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:450:40: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:451:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:451:69: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:454:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:454:36: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:454:42: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:455:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:455:71: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:457:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:457:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:457:50: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:458:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:458:79: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:460:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:460:36: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:460:42: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:461:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:461:71: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:466:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:466:34: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:466:40: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:467:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:467:69: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:469:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:469:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:469:48: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:470:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:470:77: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:472:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:472:34: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:472:40: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:473:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:473:69: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:476:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:476:34: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:476:40: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:477:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:477:69: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:479:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:479:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:479:48: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:480:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:480:77: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:482:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:482:34: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:482:40: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:483:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:483:69: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:486:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:486:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:486:39: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:487:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:487:68: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:489:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:489:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:489:47: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:490:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:490:76: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:492:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:492:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:492:39: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:493:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:493:68: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:498:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:498:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:498:48: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:499:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:499:77: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:501:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:501:34: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:501:40: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:502:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:502:69: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:505:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:505:31: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:505:57: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:506:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:506:85: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:509:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:509:31: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:509:67: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:510:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:510:95: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:515:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:515:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:515:55: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:516:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:516:84: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:521:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:521:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:521:53: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:522:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:522:82: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:524:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:524:31: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:524:63: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:525:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:525:91: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:528:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:528:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:528:55: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:529:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:529:84: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:531:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:531:31: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:531:65: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:532:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:532:93: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:535:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:535:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:535:59: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:536:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:536:88: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:538:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:538:31: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:538:57: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:539:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:539:85: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:544:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:544:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:544:62: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:545:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:545:91: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:547:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:547:31: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:547:60: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:548:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:548:88: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:551:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:551:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:551:59: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:552:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:552:88: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:554:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:554:31: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:554:57: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:555:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:555:85: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:558:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:558:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:558:52: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:559:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:559:81: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:561:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:561:31: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:561:57: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:562:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:562:85: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:567:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:567:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:567:56: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:568:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:568:85: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:573:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:573:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:573:48: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:574:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:574:77: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:576:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:576:31: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:576:56: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:577:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:577:84: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:582:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:582:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:582:48: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:583:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:583:77: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:585:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:585:31: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:585:56: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:586:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:586:84: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:589:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:589:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:589:46: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:590:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:590:75: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:592:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:592:31: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:592:54: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:593:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:593:82: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:596:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:596:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:596:51: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:597:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:597:80: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:599:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:599:31: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:599:59: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:600:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:600:87: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:605:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:605:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:605:54: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:606:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:606:83: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:608:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:608:31: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:608:60: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:609:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:609:88: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:612:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:612:31: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:612:59: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:613:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:613:87: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:648:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:650:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:651:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:653:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:655:5: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:658:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:672:35: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:674:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:676:1: E305 expected 2 blank lines after class or function definition, found 1
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:686:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/current.py:691:1: W391 blank line at end of file
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/satellites.py:6:1: E303 too many blank lines (4)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/satellites.py:7:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/satellites.py:8:1: F401 'sys' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/satellites.py:10:1: F401 'os.path' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/satellites.py:14:5: F401 '__builtin__ as builtin' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/satellites.py:15:1: F401 'os.path.exists' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/satellites.py:15:1: F401 'os.path.getmtime' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/satellites.py:17:1: F401 'types' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/satellites.py:21:1: F403 'from Cheetah.DummyTransaction import *' used; unable to detect undefined names
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/satellites.py:22:1: F401 'Cheetah.NameMapper.NotFound' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/satellites.py:23:1: F401 'Cheetah.CacheRegion.CacheRegion' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/satellites.py:24:1: F401 'Cheetah.Filters' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/satellites.py:25:1: F401 'Cheetah.ErrorCatchers' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/satellites.py:26:1: F401 'six.moves.urllib.parse.quote' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/satellites.py:27:1: F401 'Plugins.Extensions.OpenWebif.controllers.i18n.tstrings' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/satellites.py:30:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/satellites.py:31:6: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/satellites.py:32:5: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/satellites.py:33:4: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/satellites.py:34:12: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/satellites.py:45:7: E121 continuation line under-indented for hanging indent
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/satellites.py:46:70: E228 missing whitespace around modulo operator
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/satellites.py:47:10: E121 continuation line under-indented for hanging indent
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/satellites.py:50:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/satellites.py:55:5: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/satellites.py:58:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/satellites.py:64:18: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/satellites.py:65:35: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/satellites.py:67:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/satellites.py:69:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/satellites.py:73:9: E303 too many blank lines (3)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/satellites.py:73:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/satellites.py:75:37: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/satellites.py:77:21: F405 'DummyTransaction' may be undefined, or defined from star imports: Cheetah.DummyTransaction
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/satellites.py:79:13: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/satellites.py:83:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/satellites.py:85:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/satellites.py:86:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/satellites.py:92:34: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/satellites.py:92:47: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/satellites.py:92:54: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/satellites.py:94:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/satellites.py:94:34: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/satellites.py:94:50: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/satellites.py:94:70: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/satellites.py:94:77: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/satellites.py:95:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/satellites.py:95:89: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/satellites.py:97:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/satellites.py:97:34: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/satellites.py:97:40: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/satellites.py:98:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/satellites.py:98:69: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/satellites.py:100:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/satellites.py:100:43: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/satellites.py:100:49: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/satellites.py:101:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/satellites.py:101:78: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/satellites.py:105:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/satellites.py:105:37: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/satellites.py:105:54: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/satellites.py:106:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/satellites.py:106:83: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/satellites.py:112:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/satellites.py:114:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/satellites.py:115:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/satellites.py:117:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/satellites.py:119:5: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/satellites.py:122:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/satellites.py:136:38: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/satellites.py:138:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/satellites.py:140:1: E305 expected 2 blank lines after class or function definition, found 1
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/satellites.py:150:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/satellites.py:155:1: W391 blank line at end of file
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/timers.py:6:1: E303 too many blank lines (4)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/timers.py:7:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/timers.py:8:1: F401 'sys' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/timers.py:10:1: F401 'os.path' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/timers.py:14:5: F401 '__builtin__ as builtin' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/timers.py:15:1: F401 'os.path.exists' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/timers.py:15:1: F401 'os.path.getmtime' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/timers.py:17:1: F401 'types' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/timers.py:21:1: F403 'from Cheetah.DummyTransaction import *' used; unable to detect undefined names
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/timers.py:22:1: F401 'Cheetah.NameMapper.NotFound' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/timers.py:23:1: F401 'Cheetah.CacheRegion.CacheRegion' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/timers.py:24:1: F401 'Cheetah.Filters' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/timers.py:25:1: F401 'Cheetah.ErrorCatchers' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/timers.py:27:1: F401 'time.localtime' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/timers.py:27:1: F401 'time.strftime' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/timers.py:28:1: F401 'Plugins.Extensions.OpenWebif.controllers.i18n.tstrings' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/timers.py:31:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/timers.py:32:6: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/timers.py:33:5: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/timers.py:34:4: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/timers.py:35:12: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/timers.py:46:7: E121 continuation line under-indented for hanging indent
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/timers.py:47:70: E228 missing whitespace around modulo operator
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/timers.py:48:10: E121 continuation line under-indented for hanging indent
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/timers.py:51:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/timers.py:56:5: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/timers.py:59:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/timers.py:65:18: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/timers.py:66:35: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/timers.py:68:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/timers.py:70:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/timers.py:74:9: E303 too many blank lines (3)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/timers.py:74:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/timers.py:76:37: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/timers.py:78:21: F405 'DummyTransaction' may be undefined, or defined from star imports: Cheetah.DummyTransaction
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/timers.py:80:13: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/timers.py:84:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/timers.py:86:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/timers.py:87:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/timers.py:90:34: W601 .has_key() is deprecated, use 'in'
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/timers.py:94:1: E101 indentation contains mixed spaces and tabs
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/timers.py:94:4: E126 continuation line over-indented for hanging indent
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/timers.py:102:9: F841 local variable 'da' is assigned to but never used
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/timers.py:102:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/timers.py:102:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/timers.py:103:9: F841 local variable 'na' is assigned to but never used
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/timers.py:103:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/timers.py:103:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/timers.py:104:9: F841 local variable 'sortnames' is assigned to but never used
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/timers.py:104:30: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/timers.py:104:35: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/timers.py:104:41: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/timers.py:104:50: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/timers.py:104:55: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/timers.py:104:61: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/timers.py:104:70: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/timers.py:104:75: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/timers.py:104:81: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/timers.py:104:90: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/timers.py:104:95: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/timers.py:105:9: F841 local variable 'sorttypes' is assigned to but never used
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/timers.py:105:28: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/timers.py:105:36: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/timers.py:105:43: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/timers.py:106:9: F841 local variable 'sortimg' is assigned to but never used
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/timers.py:106:39: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/timers.py:106:60: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/timers.py:106:82: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/timers.py:107:9: F841 local variable 'sort' is assigned to but never used
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/timers.py:107:24: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/timers.py:107:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/timers.py:108:30: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/timers.py:108:42: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/timers.py:108:49: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/timers.py:110:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/timers.py:110:38: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/timers.py:110:53: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/timers.py:110:61: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/timers.py:110:68: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/timers.py:111:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/timers.py:111:81: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/timers.py:114:24: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/timers.py:114:36: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/timers.py:114:51: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/timers.py:114:59: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/timers.py:114:78: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/timers.py:114:85: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/timers.py:114:92: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/timers.py:118:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/timers.py:118:36: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/timers.py:118:51: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/timers.py:118:59: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/timers.py:118:66: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/timers.py:119:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/timers.py:119:79: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/timers.py:121:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/timers.py:121:34: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/timers.py:121:40: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/timers.py:122:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/timers.py:122:69: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/timers.py:131:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/timers.py:131:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/timers.py:131:52: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/timers.py:132:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/timers.py:132:81: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/timers.py:135:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/timers.py:135:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/timers.py:135:56: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/timers.py:136:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/timers.py:136:85: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/timers.py:139:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/timers.py:139:29: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/timers.py:139:35: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/timers.py:140:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/timers.py:140:64: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/timers.py:142:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/timers.py:142:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/timers.py:142:56: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/timers.py:143:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/timers.py:143:85: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/timers.py:151:30: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/timers.py:151:39: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/timers.py:151:46: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/timers.py:153:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/timers.py:153:40: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/timers.py:153:46: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/timers.py:154:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/timers.py:154:75: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/timers.py:156:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/timers.py:156:38: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/timers.py:156:44: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/timers.py:157:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/timers.py:157:73: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/timers.py:162:13: F841 local variable 'sref' is assigned to but never used
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/timers.py:162:34: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/timers.py:162:53: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/timers.py:163:13: F841 local variable 'tname' is assigned to but never used
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/timers.py:163:35: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/timers.py:163:48: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/timers.py:165:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/timers.py:165:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/timers.py:165:39: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/timers.py:166:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/timers.py:166:68: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/timers.py:168:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/timers.py:168:40: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/timers.py:168:46: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/timers.py:169:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/timers.py:169:75: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/timers.py:171:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/timers.py:171:38: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/timers.py:171:44: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/timers.py:172:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/timers.py:172:73: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/timers.py:174:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/timers.py:174:37: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/timers.py:174:57: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/timers.py:175:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/timers.py:175:86: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/timers.py:178:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/timers.py:178:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/timers.py:178:39: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/timers.py:179:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/timers.py:179:68: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/timers.py:181:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/timers.py:181:40: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/timers.py:181:46: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/timers.py:182:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/timers.py:182:75: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/timers.py:184:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/timers.py:184:38: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/timers.py:184:44: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/timers.py:185:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/timers.py:185:73: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/timers.py:187:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/timers.py:187:34: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/timers.py:187:40: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/timers.py:188:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/timers.py:188:69: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/timers.py:190:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/timers.py:190:37: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/timers.py:190:59: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/timers.py:191:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/timers.py:191:88: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/timers.py:194:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/timers.py:194:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/timers.py:194:39: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/timers.py:195:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/timers.py:195:68: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/timers.py:197:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/timers.py:197:40: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/timers.py:197:46: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/timers.py:198:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/timers.py:198:75: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/timers.py:200:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/timers.py:200:38: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/timers.py:200:44: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/timers.py:201:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/timers.py:201:73: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/timers.py:202:10: W291 trailing whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/timers.py:204:24: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/timers.py:204:41: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/timers.py:204:48: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/timers.py:206:30: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/timers.py:206:41: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/timers.py:206:63: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/timers.py:207:34: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/timers.py:207:92: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/timers.py:209:30: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/timers.py:209:44: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/timers.py:209:50: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/timers.py:210:34: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/timers.py:210:79: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/timers.py:212:30: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/timers.py:212:42: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/timers.py:212:48: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/timers.py:213:34: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/timers.py:213:77: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/timers.py:215:30: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/timers.py:215:37: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/timers.py:215:43: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/timers.py:216:34: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/timers.py:216:72: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/timers.py:219:18: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/timers.py:221:30: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/timers.py:221:41: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/timers.py:221:64: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/timers.py:222:34: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/timers.py:222:93: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/timers.py:224:30: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/timers.py:224:44: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/timers.py:224:50: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/timers.py:225:34: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/timers.py:225:79: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/timers.py:227:30: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/timers.py:227:42: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/timers.py:227:48: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/timers.py:228:34: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/timers.py:228:77: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/timers.py:230:30: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/timers.py:230:37: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/timers.py:230:43: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/timers.py:231:34: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/timers.py:231:72: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/timers.py:241:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/timers.py:241:39: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/timers.py:241:45: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/timers.py:242:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/timers.py:242:74: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/timers.py:246:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/timers.py:246:37: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/timers.py:246:98: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/timers.py:246:112: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/timers.py:246:123: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/timers.py:247:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/timers.py:247:136: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/timers.py:250:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/timers.py:250:44: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/timers.py:250:50: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/timers.py:251:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/timers.py:251:79: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/timers.py:253:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/timers.py:253:42: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/timers.py:253:48: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/timers.py:254:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/timers.py:254:77: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/timers.py:257:24: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/timers.py:257:41: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/timers.py:257:53: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/timers.py:260:30: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/timers.py:260:41: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/timers.py:260:62: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/timers.py:261:34: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/timers.py:261:91: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/timers.py:264:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/timers.py:264:50: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/timers.py:265:17: F841 local variable 'timerDays' is assigned to but never used
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/timers.py:266:37: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/timers.py:266:48: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/timers.py:266:64: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/timers.py:266:73: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/timers.py:266:84: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/timers.py:266:101: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/timers.py:266:110: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/timers.py:266:121: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/timers.py:266:140: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/timers.py:266:149: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/timers.py:266:160: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/timers.py:266:178: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/timers.py:266:187: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/timers.py:266:198: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/timers.py:266:214: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/timers.py:266:223: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/timers.py:266:234: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/timers.py:266:252: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/timers.py:266:261: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/timers.py:266:272: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/timers.py:266:290: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/timers.py:267:32: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/timers.py:267:40: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/timers.py:267:46: E227 missing whitespace around bitwise or shift operator
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/timers.py:267:49: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/timers.py:269:42: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/timers.py:269:54: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/timers.py:269:60: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/timers.py:269:69: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/timers.py:269:85: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/timers.py:269:91: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/timers.py:269:98: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/timers.py:270:42: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/timers.py:270:98: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/timers.py:273:21: F841 local variable 'flags' is assigned to but never used
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/timers.py:273:37: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/timers.py:273:45: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/timers.py:274:40: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/timers.py:274:52: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/timers.py:275:34: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/timers.py:280:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/timers.py:280:46: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/timers.py:280:52: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/timers.py:281:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/timers.py:281:81: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/timers.py:287:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/timers.py:287:46: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/timers.py:287:52: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/timers.py:288:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/timers.py:288:81: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/timers.py:294:24: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/timers.py:294:41: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/timers.py:294:48: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/timers.py:296:30: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/timers.py:296:41: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/timers.py:296:59: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/timers.py:297:34: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/timers.py:297:88: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/timers.py:300:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/timers.py:300:40: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/timers.py:300:52: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/timers.py:302:30: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/timers.py:302:41: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/timers.py:302:58: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/timers.py:303:34: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/timers.py:303:87: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/timers.py:306:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/timers.py:306:40: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/timers.py:306:52: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/timers.py:308:30: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/timers.py:308:41: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/timers.py:308:58: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/timers.py:309:34: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/timers.py:309:87: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/timers.py:312:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/timers.py:312:40: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/timers.py:312:52: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/timers.py:314:30: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/timers.py:314:41: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/timers.py:314:59: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/timers.py:315:34: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/timers.py:315:88: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/timers.py:374:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/timers.py:376:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/timers.py:377:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/timers.py:379:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/timers.py:381:5: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/timers.py:384:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/timers.py:398:34: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/timers.py:400:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/timers.py:402:1: E305 expected 2 blank lines after class or function definition, found 1
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/timers.py:412:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/timers.py:417:1: W391 blank line at end of file
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/bqe.py:6:1: E303 too many blank lines (4)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/bqe.py:7:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/bqe.py:8:1: F401 'sys' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/bqe.py:10:1: F401 'os.path' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/bqe.py:14:5: F401 '__builtin__ as builtin' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/bqe.py:15:1: F401 'os.path.exists' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/bqe.py:15:1: F401 'os.path.getmtime' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/bqe.py:17:1: F401 'types' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/bqe.py:21:1: F403 'from Cheetah.DummyTransaction import *' used; unable to detect undefined names
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/bqe.py:22:1: F401 'Cheetah.NameMapper.NotFound' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/bqe.py:23:1: F401 'Cheetah.CacheRegion.CacheRegion' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/bqe.py:24:1: F401 'Cheetah.Filters' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/bqe.py:25:1: F401 'Cheetah.ErrorCatchers' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/bqe.py:26:1: F401 'Plugins.Extensions.OpenWebif.controllers.i18n.tstrings' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/bqe.py:29:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/bqe.py:30:6: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/bqe.py:31:5: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/bqe.py:32:4: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/bqe.py:33:12: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/bqe.py:44:7: E121 continuation line under-indented for hanging indent
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/bqe.py:45:70: E228 missing whitespace around modulo operator
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/bqe.py:46:10: E121 continuation line under-indented for hanging indent
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/bqe.py:49:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/bqe.py:54:5: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/bqe.py:57:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/bqe.py:63:18: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/bqe.py:64:35: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/bqe.py:66:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/bqe.py:68:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/bqe.py:72:9: E303 too many blank lines (3)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/bqe.py:72:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/bqe.py:74:37: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/bqe.py:76:21: F405 'DummyTransaction' may be undefined, or defined from star imports: Cheetah.DummyTransaction
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/bqe.py:78:13: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/bqe.py:82:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/bqe.py:84:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/bqe.py:85:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/bqe.py:88:34: W601 .has_key() is deprecated, use 'in'
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/bqe.py:92:1: E101 indentation contains mixed spaces and tabs
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/bqe.py:92:4: E126 continuation line over-indented for hanging indent
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/bqe.py:108:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/bqe.py:108:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/bqe.py:108:57: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/bqe.py:109:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/bqe.py:109:86: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/bqe.py:117:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/bqe.py:117:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/bqe.py:117:45: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/bqe.py:118:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/bqe.py:118:74: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/bqe.py:121:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/bqe.py:121:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/bqe.py:121:48: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/bqe.py:122:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/bqe.py:122:77: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/bqe.py:127:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/bqe.py:127:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/bqe.py:127:53: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/bqe.py:128:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/bqe.py:128:82: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/bqe.py:131:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/bqe.py:131:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/bqe.py:131:52: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/bqe.py:132:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/bqe.py:132:81: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/bqe.py:135:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/bqe.py:135:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/bqe.py:135:55: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/bqe.py:136:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/bqe.py:136:84: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/bqe.py:145:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/bqe.py:145:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/bqe.py:145:70: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/bqe.py:146:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/bqe.py:146:99: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/bqe.py:151:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/bqe.py:151:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/bqe.py:151:53: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/bqe.py:152:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/bqe.py:152:82: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/bqe.py:160:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/bqe.py:160:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/bqe.py:160:58: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/bqe.py:161:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/bqe.py:161:87: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/bqe.py:164:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/bqe.py:164:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/bqe.py:164:62: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/bqe.py:165:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/bqe.py:165:91: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/bqe.py:175:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/bqe.py:175:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/bqe.py:175:49: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/bqe.py:176:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/bqe.py:176:78: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/bqe.py:179:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/bqe.py:179:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/bqe.py:179:49: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/bqe.py:180:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/bqe.py:180:78: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/bqe.py:183:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/bqe.py:183:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/bqe.py:183:49: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/bqe.py:184:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/bqe.py:184:78: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/bqe.py:194:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/bqe.py:194:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/bqe.py:194:53: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/bqe.py:195:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/bqe.py:195:82: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/bqe.py:198:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/bqe.py:198:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/bqe.py:198:56: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/bqe.py:199:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/bqe.py:199:85: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/bqe.py:202:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/bqe.py:202:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/bqe.py:202:56: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/bqe.py:203:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/bqe.py:203:85: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/bqe.py:211:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/bqe.py:211:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/bqe.py:211:49: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/bqe.py:212:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/bqe.py:212:78: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/bqe.py:215:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/bqe.py:215:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/bqe.py:215:57: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/bqe.py:216:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/bqe.py:216:86: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/bqe.py:219:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/bqe.py:219:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/bqe.py:219:57: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/bqe.py:220:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/bqe.py:220:86: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/bqe.py:223:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/bqe.py:223:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/bqe.py:223:53: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/bqe.py:224:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/bqe.py:224:82: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/bqe.py:233:89: W291 trailing whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/bqe.py:235:98: W291 trailing whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/bqe.py:248:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/bqe.py:250:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/bqe.py:251:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/bqe.py:253:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/bqe.py:255:5: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/bqe.py:258:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/bqe.py:272:31: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/bqe.py:274:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/bqe.py:276:1: E305 expected 2 blank lines after class or function definition, found 1
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/bqe.py:286:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/bqe.py:291:1: W391 blank line at end of file
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/providers.py:6:1: E303 too many blank lines (4)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/providers.py:7:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/providers.py:8:1: F401 'sys' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/providers.py:10:1: F401 'os.path' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/providers.py:14:5: F401 '__builtin__ as builtin' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/providers.py:15:1: F401 'os.path.exists' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/providers.py:15:1: F401 'os.path.getmtime' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/providers.py:17:1: F401 'types' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/providers.py:21:1: F403 'from Cheetah.DummyTransaction import *' used; unable to detect undefined names
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/providers.py:22:1: F401 'Cheetah.NameMapper.NotFound' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/providers.py:23:1: F401 'Cheetah.CacheRegion.CacheRegion' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/providers.py:24:1: F401 'Cheetah.Filters' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/providers.py:25:1: F401 'Cheetah.ErrorCatchers' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/providers.py:26:1: F401 'six.moves.urllib.parse.quote' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/providers.py:27:1: F401 'Plugins.Extensions.OpenWebif.controllers.i18n.tstrings' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/providers.py:30:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/providers.py:31:6: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/providers.py:32:5: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/providers.py:33:4: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/providers.py:34:12: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/providers.py:45:7: E121 continuation line under-indented for hanging indent
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/providers.py:46:70: E228 missing whitespace around modulo operator
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/providers.py:47:10: E121 continuation line under-indented for hanging indent
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/providers.py:50:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/providers.py:55:5: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/providers.py:58:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/providers.py:64:18: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/providers.py:65:35: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/providers.py:67:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/providers.py:69:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/providers.py:73:9: E303 too many blank lines (3)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/providers.py:73:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/providers.py:75:37: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/providers.py:77:21: F405 'DummyTransaction' may be undefined, or defined from star imports: Cheetah.DummyTransaction
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/providers.py:79:13: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/providers.py:83:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/providers.py:85:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/providers.py:86:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/providers.py:92:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/providers.py:92:45: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/providers.py:92:52: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/providers.py:94:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/providers.py:94:34: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/providers.py:94:50: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/providers.py:94:61: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/providers.py:94:71: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/providers.py:95:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/providers.py:95:83: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/providers.py:97:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/providers.py:97:34: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/providers.py:97:40: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/providers.py:98:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/providers.py:98:69: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/providers.py:100:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/providers.py:100:37: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/providers.py:100:46: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/providers.py:101:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/providers.py:101:75: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/providers.py:105:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/providers.py:105:37: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/providers.py:105:54: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/providers.py:106:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/providers.py:106:83: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/providers.py:112:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/providers.py:114:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/providers.py:115:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/providers.py:117:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/providers.py:119:5: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/providers.py:122:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/providers.py:136:37: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/providers.py:138:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/providers.py:140:1: E305 expected 2 blank lines after class or function definition, found 1
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/providers.py:150:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/providers.py:155:1: W391 blank line at end of file
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/boxinfo.py:6:1: E303 too many blank lines (4)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/boxinfo.py:7:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/boxinfo.py:8:1: F401 'sys' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/boxinfo.py:10:1: F401 'os.path' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/boxinfo.py:14:5: F401 '__builtin__ as builtin' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/boxinfo.py:15:1: F401 'os.path.exists' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/boxinfo.py:15:1: F401 'os.path.getmtime' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/boxinfo.py:17:1: F401 'types' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/boxinfo.py:21:1: F403 'from Cheetah.DummyTransaction import *' used; unable to detect undefined names
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/boxinfo.py:22:1: F401 'Cheetah.NameMapper.NotFound' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/boxinfo.py:23:1: F401 'Cheetah.CacheRegion.CacheRegion' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/boxinfo.py:24:1: F401 'Cheetah.Filters' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/boxinfo.py:25:1: F401 'Cheetah.ErrorCatchers' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/boxinfo.py:26:1: F401 'Plugins.Extensions.OpenWebif.controllers.i18n.tstrings' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/boxinfo.py:29:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/boxinfo.py:30:6: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/boxinfo.py:31:5: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/boxinfo.py:32:4: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/boxinfo.py:33:12: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/boxinfo.py:44:7: E121 continuation line under-indented for hanging indent
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/boxinfo.py:45:70: E228 missing whitespace around modulo operator
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/boxinfo.py:46:10: E121 continuation line under-indented for hanging indent
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/boxinfo.py:49:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/boxinfo.py:54:5: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/boxinfo.py:57:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/boxinfo.py:63:18: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/boxinfo.py:64:35: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/boxinfo.py:66:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/boxinfo.py:68:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/boxinfo.py:72:9: E303 too many blank lines (3)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/boxinfo.py:72:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/boxinfo.py:74:37: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/boxinfo.py:76:21: F405 'DummyTransaction' may be undefined, or defined from star imports: Cheetah.DummyTransaction
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/boxinfo.py:78:13: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/boxinfo.py:82:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/boxinfo.py:84:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/boxinfo.py:85:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/boxinfo.py:90:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/boxinfo.py:90:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/boxinfo.py:90:51: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/boxinfo.py:91:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/boxinfo.py:91:80: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/boxinfo.py:95:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/boxinfo.py:95:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/boxinfo.py:95:39: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/boxinfo.py:96:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/boxinfo.py:96:70: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/boxinfo.py:106:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/boxinfo.py:106:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/boxinfo.py:106:46: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/boxinfo.py:107:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/boxinfo.py:107:75: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/boxinfo.py:112:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/boxinfo.py:112:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/boxinfo.py:112:48: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/boxinfo.py:113:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/boxinfo.py:113:77: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/boxinfo.py:115:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/boxinfo.py:115:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/boxinfo.py:115:48: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/boxinfo.py:116:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/boxinfo.py:116:77: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/boxinfo.py:119:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/boxinfo.py:119:30: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/boxinfo.py:119:36: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/boxinfo.py:120:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/boxinfo.py:120:65: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/boxinfo.py:122:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/boxinfo.py:122:30: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/boxinfo.py:122:36: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/boxinfo.py:123:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/boxinfo.py:123:65: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/boxinfo.py:128:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/boxinfo.py:128:51: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/boxinfo.py:128:57: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/boxinfo.py:129:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/boxinfo.py:129:86: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/boxinfo.py:132:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/boxinfo.py:132:44: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/boxinfo.py:132:50: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/boxinfo.py:133:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/boxinfo.py:133:79: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/boxinfo.py:138:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/boxinfo.py:138:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/boxinfo.py:138:54: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/boxinfo.py:139:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/boxinfo.py:139:83: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/boxinfo.py:142:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/boxinfo.py:142:29: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/boxinfo.py:142:35: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/boxinfo.py:143:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/boxinfo.py:143:64: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/boxinfo.py:148:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/boxinfo.py:148:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/boxinfo.py:148:53: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/boxinfo.py:149:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/boxinfo.py:149:82: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/boxinfo.py:152:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/boxinfo.py:152:31: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/boxinfo.py:152:37: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/boxinfo.py:153:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/boxinfo.py:153:66: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/boxinfo.py:164:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/boxinfo.py:164:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/boxinfo.py:164:51: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/boxinfo.py:165:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/boxinfo.py:165:80: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/boxinfo.py:170:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/boxinfo.py:170:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/boxinfo.py:170:53: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/boxinfo.py:171:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/boxinfo.py:171:82: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/boxinfo.py:174:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/boxinfo.py:174:30: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/boxinfo.py:174:36: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/boxinfo.py:175:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/boxinfo.py:175:65: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/boxinfo.py:180:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/boxinfo.py:180:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/boxinfo.py:180:59: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/boxinfo.py:181:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/boxinfo.py:181:88: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/boxinfo.py:184:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/boxinfo.py:184:44: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/boxinfo.py:184:50: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/boxinfo.py:185:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/boxinfo.py:185:79: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/boxinfo.py:187:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/boxinfo.py:187:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/boxinfo.py:187:39: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/boxinfo.py:188:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/boxinfo.py:188:68: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/boxinfo.py:190:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/boxinfo.py:190:34: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/boxinfo.py:190:40: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/boxinfo.py:191:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/boxinfo.py:191:69: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/boxinfo.py:196:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/boxinfo.py:196:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/boxinfo.py:196:57: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/boxinfo.py:197:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/boxinfo.py:197:86: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/boxinfo.py:199:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/boxinfo.py:199:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/boxinfo.py:199:54: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/boxinfo.py:200:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/boxinfo.py:200:83: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/boxinfo.py:203:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/boxinfo.py:203:34: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/boxinfo.py:203:40: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/boxinfo.py:204:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/boxinfo.py:204:69: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/boxinfo.py:206:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/boxinfo.py:206:35: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/boxinfo.py:206:41: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/boxinfo.py:207:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/boxinfo.py:207:70: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/boxinfo.py:218:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/boxinfo.py:218:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/boxinfo.py:218:49: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/boxinfo.py:219:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/boxinfo.py:219:78: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/boxinfo.py:223:30: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/boxinfo.py:223:39: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/boxinfo.py:223:46: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/boxinfo.py:226:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/boxinfo.py:226:39: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/boxinfo.py:226:45: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/boxinfo.py:227:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/boxinfo.py:227:74: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/boxinfo.py:231:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/boxinfo.py:231:39: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/boxinfo.py:231:45: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/boxinfo.py:232:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/boxinfo.py:232:74: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/boxinfo.py:235:24: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/boxinfo.py:235:37: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/boxinfo.py:235:50: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/boxinfo.py:237:30: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/boxinfo.py:237:43: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/boxinfo.py:237:49: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/boxinfo.py:238:34: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/boxinfo.py:238:78: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/boxinfo.py:241:24: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/boxinfo.py:241:36: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/boxinfo.py:241:49: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/boxinfo.py:243:30: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/boxinfo.py:243:42: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/boxinfo.py:243:48: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/boxinfo.py:244:34: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/boxinfo.py:244:77: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/boxinfo.py:251:20: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/boxinfo.py:251:25: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/boxinfo.py:251:38: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/boxinfo.py:253:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/boxinfo.py:253:31: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/boxinfo.py:253:37: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/boxinfo.py:254:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/boxinfo.py:254:66: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/boxinfo.py:267:20: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/boxinfo.py:267:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/boxinfo.py:267:42: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/boxinfo.py:267:52: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/boxinfo.py:267:64: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/boxinfo.py:273:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/boxinfo.py:273:37: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/boxinfo.py:273:60: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/boxinfo.py:274:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/boxinfo.py:274:89: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/boxinfo.py:278:35: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/boxinfo.py:278:45: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/boxinfo.py:278:52: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/boxinfo.py:281:30: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/boxinfo.py:281:42: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/boxinfo.py:281:48: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/boxinfo.py:282:34: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/boxinfo.py:282:77: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/boxinfo.py:286:28: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/boxinfo.py:286:42: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/boxinfo.py:286:56: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/boxinfo.py:288:34: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/boxinfo.py:288:48: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/boxinfo.py:288:54: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/boxinfo.py:289:38: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/boxinfo.py:289:83: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/boxinfo.py:291:34: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/boxinfo.py:291:45: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/boxinfo.py:291:65: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/boxinfo.py:292:38: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/boxinfo.py:292:94: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/boxinfo.py:295:22: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/boxinfo.py:297:34: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/boxinfo.py:297:48: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/boxinfo.py:297:54: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/boxinfo.py:298:38: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/boxinfo.py:298:83: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/boxinfo.py:309:27: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/boxinfo.py:309:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/boxinfo.py:309:40: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/boxinfo.py:315:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/boxinfo.py:315:37: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/boxinfo.py:315:56: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/boxinfo.py:316:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/boxinfo.py:316:85: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/boxinfo.py:318:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/boxinfo.py:318:37: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/boxinfo.py:318:43: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/boxinfo.py:319:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/boxinfo.py:319:72: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/boxinfo.py:324:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/boxinfo.py:324:37: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/boxinfo.py:324:55: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/boxinfo.py:325:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/boxinfo.py:325:84: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/boxinfo.py:328:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/boxinfo.py:328:48: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/boxinfo.py:328:54: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/boxinfo.py:329:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/boxinfo.py:329:83: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/boxinfo.py:331:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/boxinfo.py:331:37: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/boxinfo.py:331:43: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/boxinfo.py:332:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/boxinfo.py:332:72: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/boxinfo.py:339:20: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/boxinfo.py:339:29: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/boxinfo.py:339:36: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/boxinfo.py:345:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/boxinfo.py:345:37: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/boxinfo.py:345:60: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/boxinfo.py:346:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/boxinfo.py:346:89: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/boxinfo.py:350:34: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/boxinfo.py:350:43: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/boxinfo.py:350:50: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/boxinfo.py:353:30: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/boxinfo.py:353:43: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/boxinfo.py:353:49: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/boxinfo.py:354:34: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/boxinfo.py:354:78: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/boxinfo.py:357:30: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/boxinfo.py:357:43: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/boxinfo.py:357:49: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/boxinfo.py:358:34: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/boxinfo.py:358:78: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/boxinfo.py:360:30: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/boxinfo.py:360:41: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/boxinfo.py:360:56: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/boxinfo.py:361:34: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/boxinfo.py:361:85: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/boxinfo.py:363:30: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/boxinfo.py:363:45: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/boxinfo.py:363:51: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/boxinfo.py:364:34: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/boxinfo.py:364:80: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/boxinfo.py:366:30: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/boxinfo.py:366:43: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/boxinfo.py:366:49: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/boxinfo.py:367:34: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/boxinfo.py:367:78: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/boxinfo.py:369:30: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/boxinfo.py:369:54: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/boxinfo.py:369:60: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/boxinfo.py:370:34: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/boxinfo.py:370:89: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/boxinfo.py:378:30: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/boxinfo.py:378:39: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/boxinfo.py:378:46: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/boxinfo.py:384:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/boxinfo.py:384:37: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/boxinfo.py:384:64: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/boxinfo.py:385:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/boxinfo.py:385:93: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/boxinfo.py:387:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/boxinfo.py:387:39: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/boxinfo.py:387:45: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/boxinfo.py:388:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/boxinfo.py:388:74: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/boxinfo.py:390:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/boxinfo.py:390:46: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/boxinfo.py:390:52: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/boxinfo.py:391:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/boxinfo.py:391:81: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/boxinfo.py:396:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/boxinfo.py:396:37: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/boxinfo.py:396:56: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/boxinfo.py:397:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/boxinfo.py:397:85: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/boxinfo.py:400:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/boxinfo.py:400:44: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/boxinfo.py:400:50: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/boxinfo.py:401:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/boxinfo.py:401:79: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/boxinfo.py:406:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/boxinfo.py:406:37: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/boxinfo.py:406:58: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/boxinfo.py:407:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/boxinfo.py:407:87: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/boxinfo.py:410:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/boxinfo.py:410:38: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/boxinfo.py:410:44: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/boxinfo.py:411:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/boxinfo.py:411:73: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/boxinfo.py:416:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/boxinfo.py:416:37: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/boxinfo.py:416:59: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/boxinfo.py:417:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/boxinfo.py:417:88: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/boxinfo.py:420:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/boxinfo.py:420:39: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/boxinfo.py:420:45: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/boxinfo.py:421:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/boxinfo.py:421:74: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/boxinfo.py:423:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/boxinfo.py:423:43: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/boxinfo.py:423:49: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/boxinfo.py:424:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/boxinfo.py:424:78: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/boxinfo.py:428:24: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/boxinfo.py:428:35: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/boxinfo.py:428:55: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/boxinfo.py:431:30: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/boxinfo.py:431:41: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/boxinfo.py:431:63: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/boxinfo.py:432:34: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/boxinfo.py:432:92: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/boxinfo.py:435:30: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/boxinfo.py:435:41: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/boxinfo.py:435:47: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/boxinfo.py:436:34: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/boxinfo.py:436:76: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/boxinfo.py:438:30: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/boxinfo.py:438:47: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/boxinfo.py:438:53: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/boxinfo.py:439:34: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/boxinfo.py:439:82: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/boxinfo.py:441:30: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/boxinfo.py:441:41: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/boxinfo.py:441:54: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/boxinfo.py:442:34: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/boxinfo.py:442:83: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/boxinfo.py:444:30: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/boxinfo.py:444:41: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/boxinfo.py:444:47: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/boxinfo.py:445:34: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/boxinfo.py:445:76: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/boxinfo.py:447:30: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/boxinfo.py:447:49: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/boxinfo.py:447:55: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/boxinfo.py:448:34: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/boxinfo.py:448:84: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/boxinfo.py:461:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/boxinfo.py:463:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/boxinfo.py:464:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/boxinfo.py:466:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/boxinfo.py:468:5: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/boxinfo.py:471:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/boxinfo.py:485:35: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/boxinfo.py:487:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/boxinfo.py:489:1: E305 expected 2 blank lines after class or function definition, found 1
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/boxinfo.py:499:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/boxinfo.py:504:1: W391 blank line at end of file
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/radio.py:6:1: E303 too many blank lines (4)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/radio.py:7:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/radio.py:8:1: F401 'sys' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/radio.py:10:1: F401 'os.path' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/radio.py:14:5: F401 '__builtin__ as builtin' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/radio.py:15:1: F401 'os.path.exists' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/radio.py:15:1: F401 'os.path.getmtime' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/radio.py:17:1: F401 'types' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/radio.py:21:1: F403 'from Cheetah.DummyTransaction import *' used; unable to detect undefined names
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/radio.py:22:1: F401 'Cheetah.NameMapper.NotFound' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/radio.py:23:1: F401 'Cheetah.CacheRegion.CacheRegion' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/radio.py:24:1: F401 'Cheetah.Filters' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/radio.py:25:1: F401 'Cheetah.ErrorCatchers' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/radio.py:26:1: F401 'Plugins.Extensions.OpenWebif.controllers.i18n.tstrings' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/radio.py:29:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/radio.py:30:6: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/radio.py:31:5: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/radio.py:32:4: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/radio.py:33:12: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/radio.py:44:7: E121 continuation line under-indented for hanging indent
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/radio.py:45:70: E228 missing whitespace around modulo operator
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/radio.py:46:10: E121 continuation line under-indented for hanging indent
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/radio.py:49:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/radio.py:54:5: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/radio.py:57:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/radio.py:63:18: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/radio.py:64:35: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/radio.py:66:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/radio.py:68:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/radio.py:72:9: E303 too many blank lines (3)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/radio.py:72:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/radio.py:74:37: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/radio.py:76:21: F405 'DummyTransaction' may be undefined, or defined from star imports: Cheetah.DummyTransaction
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/radio.py:78:13: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/radio.py:82:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/radio.py:84:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/radio.py:85:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/radio.py:89:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/radio.py:89:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/radio.py:89:50: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/radio.py:90:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/radio.py:90:79: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/radio.py:93:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/radio.py:93:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/radio.py:93:51: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/radio.py:94:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/radio.py:94:80: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/radio.py:97:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/radio.py:97:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/radio.py:97:52: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/radio.py:98:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/radio.py:98:81: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/radio.py:101:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/radio.py:101:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/radio.py:101:53: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/radio.py:102:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/radio.py:102:82: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/radio.py:105:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/radio.py:105:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/radio.py:105:55: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/radio.py:106:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/radio.py:106:84: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/radio.py:109:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/radio.py:109:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/radio.py:109:46: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/radio.py:110:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/radio.py:110:75: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/radio.py:124:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/radio.py:126:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/radio.py:127:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/radio.py:129:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/radio.py:131:5: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/radio.py:134:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/radio.py:148:33: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/radio.py:150:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/radio.py:152:1: E305 expected 2 blank lines after class or function definition, found 1
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/radio.py:162:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/radio.py:167:1: W391 blank line at end of file
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/movies.py:6:1: E303 too many blank lines (4)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/movies.py:7:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/movies.py:8:1: F401 'sys' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/movies.py:10:1: F401 'os.path' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/movies.py:14:5: F401 '__builtin__ as builtin' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/movies.py:15:1: F401 'os.path.exists' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/movies.py:15:1: F401 'os.path.getmtime' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/movies.py:17:1: F401 'types' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/movies.py:21:1: F403 'from Cheetah.DummyTransaction import *' used; unable to detect undefined names
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/movies.py:22:1: F401 'Cheetah.NameMapper.NotFound' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/movies.py:23:1: F401 'Cheetah.CacheRegion.CacheRegion' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/movies.py:24:1: F401 'Cheetah.Filters' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/movies.py:25:1: F401 'Cheetah.ErrorCatchers' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/movies.py:26:1: F401 'six.moves.urllib.parse.quote' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/movies.py:27:1: F401 'time.localtime' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/movies.py:27:1: F401 'time.strftime' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/movies.py:28:1: F401 'Plugins.Extensions.OpenWebif.controllers.i18n.tstrings' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/movies.py:31:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/movies.py:32:6: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/movies.py:33:5: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/movies.py:34:4: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/movies.py:35:12: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/movies.py:46:7: E121 continuation line under-indented for hanging indent
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/movies.py:47:70: E228 missing whitespace around modulo operator
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/movies.py:48:10: E121 continuation line under-indented for hanging indent
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/movies.py:51:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/movies.py:56:5: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/movies.py:59:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/movies.py:65:18: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/movies.py:66:35: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/movies.py:68:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/movies.py:70:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/movies.py:74:9: E303 too many blank lines (3)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/movies.py:74:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/movies.py:76:37: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/movies.py:78:21: F405 'DummyTransaction' may be undefined, or defined from star imports: Cheetah.DummyTransaction
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/movies.py:80:13: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/movies.py:84:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/movies.py:86:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/movies.py:87:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/movies.py:95:9: F841 local variable 'da' is assigned to but never used
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/movies.py:95:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/movies.py:95:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/movies.py:96:9: F841 local variable 'na' is assigned to but never used
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/movies.py:96:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/movies.py:96:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/movies.py:97:9: F841 local variable 'sortnames' is assigned to but never used
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/movies.py:97:30: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/movies.py:97:35: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/movies.py:97:41: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/movies.py:97:50: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/movies.py:97:55: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/movies.py:97:61: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/movies.py:97:70: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/movies.py:97:75: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/movies.py:97:81: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/movies.py:97:90: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/movies.py:97:95: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/movies.py:98:9: F841 local variable 'sorttypes' is assigned to but never used
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/movies.py:98:28: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/movies.py:98:36: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/movies.py:98:43: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/movies.py:99:9: F841 local variable 'sortimg' is assigned to but never used
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/movies.py:99:39: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/movies.py:99:60: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/movies.py:99:82: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/movies.py:100:30: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/movies.py:100:42: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/movies.py:100:49: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/movies.py:102:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/movies.py:102:38: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/movies.py:102:53: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/movies.py:102:61: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/movies.py:102:68: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/movies.py:103:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/movies.py:103:81: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/movies.py:106:24: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/movies.py:106:36: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/movies.py:106:51: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/movies.py:106:59: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/movies.py:106:78: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/movies.py:106:85: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/movies.py:106:92: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/movies.py:110:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/movies.py:110:36: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/movies.py:110:51: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/movies.py:110:59: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/movies.py:110:66: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/movies.py:111:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/movies.py:111:79: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/movies.py:113:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/movies.py:113:34: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/movies.py:113:40: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/movies.py:114:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/movies.py:114:69: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/movies.py:125:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/movies.py:125:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/movies.py:125:47: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/movies.py:126:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/movies.py:126:76: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/movies.py:129:32: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/movies.py:129:44: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/movies.py:129:56: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/movies.py:129:64: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/movies.py:129:83: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/movies.py:130:35: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/movies.py:130:41: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/movies.py:132:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/movies.py:132:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/movies.py:132:39: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/movies.py:133:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/movies.py:133:68: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/movies.py:135:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/movies.py:135:32: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/movies.py:135:38: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/movies.py:136:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/movies.py:136:67: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/movies.py:139:20: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/movies.py:139:32: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/movies.py:139:46: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/movies.py:142:30: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/movies.py:142:42: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/movies.py:142:54: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/movies.py:142:62: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/movies.py:143:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/movies.py:149:20: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/movies.py:149:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/movies.py:149:42: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/movies.py:149:54: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/movies.py:149:62: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/movies.py:153:37: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/movies.py:153:49: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/movies.py:153:56: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/movies.py:155:30: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/movies.py:155:42: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/movies.py:155:48: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/movies.py:156:34: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/movies.py:156:77: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/movies.py:157:30: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/movies.py:157:41: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/movies.py:157:47: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/movies.py:158:34: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/movies.py:158:76: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/movies.py:160:30: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/movies.py:160:41: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/movies.py:160:47: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/movies.py:161:34: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/movies.py:161:76: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/movies.py:171:30: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/movies.py:171:39: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/movies.py:171:46: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/movies.py:173:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/movies.py:173:34: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/movies.py:173:40: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/movies.py:174:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/movies.py:174:69: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/movies.py:176:30: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/movies.py:176:48: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/movies.py:176:54: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/movies.py:176:64: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/movies.py:176:83: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/movies.py:177:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/movies.py:177:101: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/movies.py:179:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/movies.py:179:48: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/movies.py:179:54: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/movies.py:180:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/movies.py:180:83: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/movies.py:185:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/movies.py:185:34: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/movies.py:185:50: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/movies.py:185:69: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/movies.py:185:76: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/movies.py:186:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/movies.py:186:88: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/movies.py:188:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/movies.py:188:37: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/movies.py:188:55: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/movies.py:189:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/movies.py:189:84: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/movies.py:192:24: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/movies.py:192:38: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/movies.py:192:45: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/movies.py:194:30: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/movies.py:194:38: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/movies.py:194:54: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/movies.py:194:71: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/movies.py:194:78: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/movies.py:195:34: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/movies.py:195:90: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/movies.py:197:30: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/movies.py:197:41: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/movies.py:197:57: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/movies.py:198:34: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/movies.py:198:86: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/movies.py:200:30: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/movies.py:200:48: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/movies.py:200:54: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/movies.py:201:34: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/movies.py:201:83: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/movies.py:204:30: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/movies.py:204:38: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/movies.py:204:54: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/movies.py:204:71: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/movies.py:204:78: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/movies.py:205:34: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/movies.py:205:90: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/movies.py:207:30: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/movies.py:207:41: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/movies.py:207:57: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/movies.py:208:34: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/movies.py:208:86: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/movies.py:210:30: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/movies.py:210:41: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/movies.py:210:61: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/movies.py:211:34: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/movies.py:211:90: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/movies.py:213:30: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/movies.py:213:48: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/movies.py:213:54: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/movies.py:214:34: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/movies.py:214:83: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/movies.py:217:18: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/movies.py:219:30: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/movies.py:219:38: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/movies.py:219:54: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/movies.py:219:71: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/movies.py:219:78: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/movies.py:220:34: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/movies.py:220:90: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/movies.py:222:30: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/movies.py:222:41: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/movies.py:222:57: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/movies.py:223:34: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/movies.py:223:86: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/movies.py:225:30: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/movies.py:225:48: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/movies.py:225:54: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/movies.py:226:34: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/movies.py:226:83: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/movies.py:231:25: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/movies.py:231:42: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/movies.py:232:24: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/movies.py:232:28: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/movies.py:232:39: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/movies.py:233:17: F841 local variable 'w' is assigned to but never used
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/movies.py:233:29: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/movies.py:233:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/movies.py:234:17: F841 local variable 'size' is assigned to but never used
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/movies.py:234:36: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/movies.py:234:40: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/movies.py:237:30: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/movies.py:237:37: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/movies.py:237:43: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/movies.py:238:34: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/movies.py:238:72: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/movies.py:244:13: F841 local variable 'eventname_escaped' is assigned to but never used
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/movies.py:244:45: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/movies.py:244:63: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/movies.py:244:69: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/movies.py:244:79: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/movies.py:246:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/movies.py:246:34: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/movies.py:246:50: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/movies.py:246:67: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/movies.py:246:74: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/movies.py:247:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/movies.py:247:86: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/movies.py:249:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/movies.py:249:37: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/movies.py:249:55: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/movies.py:250:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/movies.py:250:84: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/movies.py:252:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/movies.py:252:44: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/movies.py:252:50: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/movies.py:253:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/movies.py:253:79: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/movies.py:256:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/movies.py:256:34: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/movies.py:256:50: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/movies.py:256:69: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/movies.py:256:76: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/movies.py:257:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/movies.py:257:88: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/movies.py:259:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/movies.py:259:46: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/movies.py:259:52: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/movies.py:260:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/movies.py:260:81: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/movies.py:262:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/movies.py:262:37: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/movies.py:262:63: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/movies.py:263:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/movies.py:263:92: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/movies.py:266:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/movies.py:266:34: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/movies.py:266:50: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/movies.py:266:69: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/movies.py:266:76: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/movies.py:267:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/movies.py:267:88: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/movies.py:269:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/movies.py:269:34: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/movies.py:269:40: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/movies.py:270:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/movies.py:270:69: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/movies.py:272:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/movies.py:272:46: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/movies.py:272:52: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/movies.py:273:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/movies.py:273:81: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/movies.py:275:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/movies.py:275:37: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/movies.py:275:63: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/movies.py:276:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/movies.py:276:92: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/movies.py:283:24: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/movies.py:283:42: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/movies.py:283:55: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/movies.py:286:30: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/movies.py:286:48: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/movies.py:286:54: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/movies.py:287:34: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/movies.py:287:83: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/movies.py:289:30: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/movies.py:289:50: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/movies.py:289:56: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/movies.py:290:34: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/movies.py:290:85: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/movies.py:292:30: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/movies.py:292:48: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/movies.py:292:54: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/movies.py:293:34: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/movies.py:293:83: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/movies.py:295:30: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/movies.py:295:45: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/movies.py:295:51: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/movies.py:296:34: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/movies.py:296:80: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/movies.py:298:30: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/movies.py:298:56: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/movies.py:298:62: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/movies.py:299:34: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/movies.py:299:91: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/movies.py:304:30: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/movies.py:304:50: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/movies.py:304:56: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/movies.py:305:34: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/movies.py:305:85: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/movies.py:310:30: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/movies.py:310:58: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/movies.py:310:64: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/movies.py:311:34: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/movies.py:311:93: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/movies.py:315:18: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/movies.py:318:30: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/movies.py:318:47: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/movies.py:318:53: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/movies.py:319:34: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/movies.py:319:82: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/movies.py:337:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/movies.py:337:29: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/movies.py:337:35: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/movies.py:338:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/movies.py:338:64: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/movies.py:344:20: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/movies.py:344:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/movies.py:344:42: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/movies.py:344:54: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/movies.py:344:62: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/movies.py:354:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/movies.py:356:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/movies.py:357:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/movies.py:359:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/movies.py:361:5: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/movies.py:364:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/movies.py:378:34: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/movies.py:380:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/movies.py:382:1: E305 expected 2 blank lines after class or function definition, found 1
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/movies.py:392:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/movies.py:397:1: W391 blank line at end of file
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:6:1: E303 too many blank lines (4)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:7:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:8:1: F401 'sys' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:10:1: F401 'os.path' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:14:5: F401 '__builtin__ as builtin' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:15:1: F401 'os.path.exists' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:15:1: F401 'os.path.getmtime' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:17:1: F401 'types' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:21:1: F403 'from Cheetah.DummyTransaction import *' used; unable to detect undefined names
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:22:1: F401 'Cheetah.NameMapper.NotFound' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:23:1: F401 'Cheetah.CacheRegion.CacheRegion' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:24:1: F401 'Cheetah.Filters' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:25:1: F401 'Cheetah.ErrorCatchers' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:28:1: F401 'Plugins.Extensions.OpenWebif.controllers.i18n.tstrings' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:29:1: F401 'json.dumps' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:30:1: F401 'time.mktime' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:30:1: F401 'time.localtime' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:30:1: F401 'time.strftime' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:31:1: F401 'Plugins.Extensions.OpenWebif.controllers.views.ajax.renderevtblock.renderEvtBlock' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:34:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:35:6: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:36:5: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:37:4: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:38:12: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:49:7: E121 continuation line under-indented for hanging indent
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:50:70: E228 missing whitespace around modulo operator
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:51:10: E121 continuation line under-indented for hanging indent
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:54:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:59:5: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:62:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:68:18: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:69:35: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:71:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:73:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:77:9: E303 too many blank lines (3)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:77:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:79:37: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:81:21: F405 'DummyTransaction' may be undefined, or defined from star imports: Cheetah.DummyTransaction
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:83:13: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:87:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:89:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:90:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:107:78: W291 trailing whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:115:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:115:38: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:117:24: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:117:31: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:117:37: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:117:47: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:117:53: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:117:59: E203 whitespace before ':'
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:117:61: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:118:21: E222 multiple spaces after operator
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:118:40: W291 trailing whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:119:34: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:121:21: E222 multiple spaces after operator
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:121:25: W291 trailing whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:122:34: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:124:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:124:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:124:39: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:125:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:125:70: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:127:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:127:37: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:127:101: E226 missing whitespace around arithmetic operator
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:127:107: E226 missing whitespace around arithmetic operator
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:127:117: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:128:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:128:146: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:131:20: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:131:27: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:131:39: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:133:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:133:37: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:133:58: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:134:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:134:87: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:140:24: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:140:30: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:140:42: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:143:30: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:143:41: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:143:54: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:144:34: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:144:83: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:147:14: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:149:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:149:37: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:149:49: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:150:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:150:78: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:153:35: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:153:40: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:154:17: F841 local variable 'w' is assigned to but never used
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:154:29: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:154:34: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:156:28: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:156:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:156:39: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:156:49: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:156:56: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:156:62: E203 whitespace before ':'
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:156:64: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:157:25: E222 multiple spaces after operator
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:157:44: W291 trailing whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:158:38: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:160:25: E222 multiple spaces after operator
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:160:29: W291 trailing whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:161:38: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:163:30: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:163:34: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:163:40: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:164:34: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:164:71: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:166:34: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:166:41: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:166:47: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:166:58: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:166:70: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:166:97: E226 missing whitespace around arithmetic operator
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:166:104: E226 missing whitespace around arithmetic operator
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:166:109: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:167:34: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:167:125: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:171:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:171:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:171:55: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:172:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:172:84: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:175:20: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:175:27: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:175:33: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:175:36: E203 whitespace before ':'
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:175:38: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:176:17: E222 multiple spaces after operator
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:176:36: W291 trailing whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:177:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:179:17: E222 multiple spaces after operator
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:179:21: W291 trailing whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:180:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:182:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:182:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:182:51: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:183:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:183:80: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:186:20: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:186:27: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:186:33: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:186:36: E203 whitespace before ':'
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:186:38: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:187:17: E222 multiple spaces after operator
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:187:36: W291 trailing whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:188:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:190:17: E222 multiple spaces after operator
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:190:21: W291 trailing whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:191:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:193:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:193:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:193:51: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:194:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:194:80: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:197:20: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:197:27: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:197:39: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:199:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:199:37: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:199:51: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:200:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:200:80: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:202:30: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:202:37: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:202:43: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:202:54: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:202:94: E226 missing whitespace around arithmetic operator
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:202:100: E226 missing whitespace around arithmetic operator
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:202:109: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:202:115: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:202:121: E226 missing whitespace around arithmetic operator
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:202:128: E226 missing whitespace around arithmetic operator
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:202:137: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:202:144: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:202:152: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:203:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:203:136: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:211:27: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:211:38: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:211:45: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:213:24: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:213:29: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:213:38: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:213:48: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:213:55: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:213:61: E203 whitespace before ':'
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:213:63: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:214:21: E222 multiple spaces after operator
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:214:40: W291 trailing whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:215:34: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:217:21: E222 multiple spaces after operator
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:217:25: W291 trailing whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:218:34: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:220:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:220:34: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:220:50: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:220:55: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:220:65: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:221:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:221:77: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:223:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:223:31: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:223:40: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:224:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:224:69: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:231:20: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:231:27: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:231:39: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:248:13: F841 local variable 'now' is assigned to but never used
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:248:27: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:248:36: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:248:52: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:248:64: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:251:24: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:251:30: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:251:42: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:252:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:252:39: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:253:18: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:254:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:254:39: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:254:57: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:254:63: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:257:13: F841 local variable 's' is assigned to but never used
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:257:25: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:257:36: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:257:48: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:257:57: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:257:69: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:257:85: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:257:93: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:258:13: F841 local variable 'm' is assigned to but never used
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:258:25: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:258:36: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:258:48: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:258:57: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:258:69: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:258:85: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:258:93: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:259:30: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:259:36: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:259:52: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:259:56: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:260:30: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:260:39: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:260:56: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:260:62: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:260:78: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:260:82: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:263:24: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:263:30: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:263:41: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:264:17: F841 local variable 'h' is assigned to but never used
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:264:29: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:264:40: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:264:52: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:264:61: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:264:73: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:264:89: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:264:97: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:265:34: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:265:43: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:265:60: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:265:66: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:265:82: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:265:86: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:266:17: F841 local variable 'offset' is assigned to but never used
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:266:34: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:266:43: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:269:13: F841 local variable 'first' is assigned to but never used
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:269:29: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:269:37: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:269:54: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:269:63: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:274:20: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:274:27: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:274:39: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:275:13: F841 local variable 'renderEventBlock' is assigned to but never used
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:275:40: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:275:57: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:281:59: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:281:68: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:281:76: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:282:17: F841 local variable 'evl' is assigned to but never used
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:282:31: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:282:43: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:284:28: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:284:34: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:284:41: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:285:21: F841 local variable 'ev' is assigned to but never used
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:285:34: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:285:40: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:286:50: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:286:59: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:288:30: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:288:36: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:288:42: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:289:34: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:289:71: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:291:30: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:291:39: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:291:54: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:291:62: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:291:69: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:292:34: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:292:84: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:294:30: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:294:38: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:294:44: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:295:34: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:295:73: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:302:37: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:302:43: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:304:30: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:304:37: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:304:43: E228 missing whitespace around modulo operator
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:304:107: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:305:34: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:305:138: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:308:63: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:308:72: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:308:80: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:311:42: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:311:54: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:311:69: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:311:76: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:311:84: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:313:42: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:313:61: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:313:67: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:313:76: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:313:92: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:313:100: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:313:107: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:314:42: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:314:107: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:317:36: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:317:48: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:317:63: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:317:70: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:317:84: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:328:59: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:328:68: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:328:76: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:330:30: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:330:39: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:330:54: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:330:62: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:330:69: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:331:34: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:331:84: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:333:30: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:333:38: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:333:44: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:334:34: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:334:73: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:341:14: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:363:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:363:32: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:363:38: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:364:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:364:69: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:368:37: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:368:43: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:369:17: F841 local variable 't' is assigned to but never used
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:369:29: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:369:37: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:369:55: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:369:62: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:371:30: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:371:41: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:371:66: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:371:78: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:371:94: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:371:98: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:371:106: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:372:34: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:372:101: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:376:30: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:376:41: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:376:67: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:376:78: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:376:90: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:376:99: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:376:111: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:376:127: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:376:131: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:376:142: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:377:34: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:377:121: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:379:30: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:379:41: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:379:67: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:379:79: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:379:95: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:379:99: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:379:107: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:380:34: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:380:102: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:383:30: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:383:41: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:383:66: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:383:78: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:383:94: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:383:98: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:383:106: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:384:34: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:384:101: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:394:59: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:394:68: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:394:76: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:400:30: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:400:39: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:400:54: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:400:62: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:400:69: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:401:34: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:401:84: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:403:30: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:403:38: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:403:44: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:404:34: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:404:73: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:407:30: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:407:38: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:407:44: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:408:34: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:408:73: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:416:38: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:416:50: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:416:60: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:418:32: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:418:36: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:418:48: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:419:25: F841 local variable 'ref' is assigned to but never used
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:420:25: F841 local variable 'pad' is assigned to but never used
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:420:46: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:420:70: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:420:87: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:420:95: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:422:38: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:422:44: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:422:50: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:423:42: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:423:81: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:427:21: F841 local variable 'end' is assigned to but never used
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:427:35: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:427:59: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:427:76: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:427:93: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:429:32: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:429:56: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:429:73: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:429:79: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:429:98: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:429:104: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:429:121: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:429:127: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:429:134: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:430:25: F841 local variable 'iscurr' is assigned to but never used
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:432:34: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:432:40: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:432:46: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:433:38: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:433:75: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:435:34: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:435:45: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:435:51: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:436:38: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:436:82: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:438:34: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:438:51: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:438:57: E226 missing whitespace around arithmetic operator
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:438:59: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:439:38: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:439:90: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:442:34: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:442:43: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:442:49: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:443:38: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:443:80: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:445:34: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:445:42: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:445:57: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:446:38: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:446:86: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:449:34: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:449:42: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:449:57: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:450:38: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:450:86: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:453:34: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:453:45: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:453:70: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:453:82: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:453:98: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:453:106: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:453:133: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:454:38: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:454:130: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:457:32: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:457:40: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:457:68: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:459:38: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:459:46: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:459:67: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:460:42: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:460:96: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:462:38: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:462:49: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:462:64: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:463:42: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:463:93: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:469:21: F841 local variable 'c' is assigned to but never used
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:469:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:469:37: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:481:20: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:481:27: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:481:39: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:483:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:483:34: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:483:40: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:484:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:484:69: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:487:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:487:32: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:487:38: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:488:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:488:67: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:495:24: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:495:30: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:495:42: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:509:18: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:515:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:515:30: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:515:46: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:515:55: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:515:62: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:516:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:516:74: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:533:20: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:533:27: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:533:39: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:536:14: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:550:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:550:32: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:550:38: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:551:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:551:67: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:554:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:554:28: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:554:34: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:555:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:555:63: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:569:20: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:569:27: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:569:39: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:580:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:580:32: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:580:38: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:581:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:581:67: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:588:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:588:30: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:588:46: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:588:53: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:588:60: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:589:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:589:74: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:591:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:591:28: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:591:34: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:592:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:592:63: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:627:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:627:29: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:627:35: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:628:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:628:64: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:635:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:635:30: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:635:46: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:635:53: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:635:60: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:636:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:636:74: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:638:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:638:28: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:638:34: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:639:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:639:63: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:641:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:641:29: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:641:35: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:642:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:642:64: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:650:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:650:30: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:650:46: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:650:53: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:650:60: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:651:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:651:74: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:653:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:653:29: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:653:35: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:654:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:654:64: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:667:35: W291 trailing whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:686:20: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:686:27: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:686:39: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:703:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:705:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:706:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:708:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:710:5: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:713:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:727:36: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:729:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:731:1: E305 expected 2 blank lines after class or function definition, found 1
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:741:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/multiepg.py:746:1: W391 blank line at end of file
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/about.py:6:1: E303 too many blank lines (4)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/about.py:7:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/about.py:8:1: F401 'sys' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/about.py:10:1: F401 'os.path' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/about.py:14:5: F401 '__builtin__ as builtin' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/about.py:15:1: F401 'os.path.exists' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/about.py:15:1: F401 'os.path.getmtime' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/about.py:17:1: F401 'types' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/about.py:21:1: F403 'from Cheetah.DummyTransaction import *' used; unable to detect undefined names
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/about.py:22:1: F401 'Cheetah.NameMapper.NotFound' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/about.py:23:1: F401 'Cheetah.CacheRegion.CacheRegion' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/about.py:24:1: F401 'Cheetah.Filters' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/about.py:25:1: F401 'Cheetah.ErrorCatchers' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/about.py:26:1: F401 'Plugins.Extensions.OpenWebif.controllers.i18n.tstrings' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/about.py:29:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/about.py:30:6: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/about.py:31:5: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/about.py:32:4: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/about.py:33:12: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/about.py:44:7: E121 continuation line under-indented for hanging indent
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/about.py:45:70: E228 missing whitespace around modulo operator
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/about.py:46:10: E121 continuation line under-indented for hanging indent
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/about.py:49:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/about.py:54:5: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/about.py:57:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/about.py:63:18: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/about.py:64:35: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/about.py:66:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/about.py:68:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/about.py:72:9: E303 too many blank lines (3)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/about.py:72:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/about.py:74:37: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/about.py:76:21: F405 'DummyTransaction' may be undefined, or defined from star imports: Cheetah.DummyTransaction
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/about.py:78:13: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/about.py:82:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/about.py:84:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/about.py:85:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/about.py:90:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/about.py:90:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/about.py:90:59: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/about.py:91:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/about.py:91:88: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/about.py:94:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/about.py:94:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/about.py:94:50: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/about.py:95:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/about.py:95:79: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/about.py:97:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/about.py:97:36: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/about.py:97:42: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/about.py:98:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/about.py:98:71: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/about.py:101:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/about.py:101:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/about.py:101:54: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/about.py:102:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/about.py:102:83: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/about.py:110:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/about.py:110:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/about.py:110:50: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/about.py:111:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/about.py:111:79: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/about.py:125:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/about.py:125:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/about.py:125:55: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/about.py:126:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/about.py:126:84: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/about.py:132:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/about.py:132:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/about.py:132:62: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/about.py:133:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/about.py:133:91: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/about.py:139:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/about.py:139:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/about.py:139:50: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/about.py:140:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/about.py:140:79: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/about.py:147:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/about.py:147:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/about.py:147:58: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/about.py:148:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/about.py:148:87: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/about.py:155:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/about.py:155:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/about.py:155:50: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/about.py:156:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/about.py:156:79: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/about.py:160:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/about.py:160:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/about.py:160:55: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/about.py:161:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/about.py:161:84: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/about.py:167:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/about.py:169:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/about.py:170:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/about.py:172:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/about.py:174:5: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/about.py:177:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/about.py:191:33: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/about.py:193:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/about.py:195:1: E305 expected 2 blank lines after class or function definition, found 1
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/about.py:205:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/about.py:210:1: W391 blank line at end of file
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgr.py:6:1: E303 too many blank lines (4)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgr.py:7:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgr.py:8:1: F401 'sys' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgr.py:10:1: F401 'os.path' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgr.py:14:5: F401 '__builtin__ as builtin' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgr.py:15:1: F401 'os.path.exists' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgr.py:15:1: F401 'os.path.getmtime' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgr.py:17:1: F401 'types' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgr.py:21:1: F403 'from Cheetah.DummyTransaction import *' used; unable to detect undefined names
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgr.py:22:1: F401 'Cheetah.NameMapper.NotFound' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgr.py:23:1: F401 'Cheetah.CacheRegion.CacheRegion' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgr.py:24:1: F401 'Cheetah.Filters' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgr.py:25:1: F401 'Cheetah.ErrorCatchers' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgr.py:26:1: F401 'Plugins.Extensions.OpenWebif.controllers.i18n.tstrings' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgr.py:29:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgr.py:30:6: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgr.py:31:5: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgr.py:32:4: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgr.py:33:12: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgr.py:44:7: E121 continuation line under-indented for hanging indent
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgr.py:45:70: E228 missing whitespace around modulo operator
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgr.py:46:10: E121 continuation line under-indented for hanging indent
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgr.py:49:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgr.py:54:5: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgr.py:57:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgr.py:63:18: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgr.py:64:35: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgr.py:66:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgr.py:68:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgr.py:72:9: E303 too many blank lines (3)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgr.py:72:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgr.py:74:37: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgr.py:76:21: F405 'DummyTransaction' may be undefined, or defined from star imports: Cheetah.DummyTransaction
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgr.py:78:13: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgr.py:82:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgr.py:84:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgr.py:85:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgr.py:88:34: W601 .has_key() is deprecated, use 'in'
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgr.py:92:1: E101 indentation contains mixed spaces and tabs
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgr.py:92:4: E126 continuation line over-indented for hanging indent
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgr.py:118:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgr.py:118:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgr.py:118:53: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgr.py:119:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgr.py:119:82: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgr.py:125:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgr.py:125:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgr.py:125:61: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgr.py:126:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgr.py:126:90: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgr.py:132:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgr.py:132:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgr.py:132:53: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgr.py:133:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgr.py:133:82: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgr.py:137:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgr.py:137:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgr.py:137:50: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgr.py:138:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgr.py:138:79: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgr.py:141:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgr.py:141:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgr.py:141:49: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgr.py:142:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgr.py:142:78: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgr.py:145:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgr.py:145:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgr.py:145:56: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgr.py:146:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgr.py:146:85: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgr.py:149:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgr.py:149:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgr.py:149:60: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgr.py:150:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgr.py:150:89: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgr.py:158:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgr.py:158:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgr.py:158:51: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgr.py:159:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgr.py:159:80: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgr.py:165:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgr.py:165:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgr.py:165:49: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgr.py:166:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgr.py:166:78: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgr.py:174:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgr.py:174:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgr.py:174:59: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgr.py:175:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgr.py:175:88: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgr.py:181:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgr.py:181:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgr.py:181:58: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgr.py:182:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgr.py:182:87: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgr.py:184:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgr.py:184:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgr.py:184:58: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgr.py:185:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgr.py:185:87: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgr.py:193:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgr.py:193:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgr.py:193:56: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgr.py:194:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgr.py:194:85: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgr.py:200:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgr.py:200:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgr.py:200:51: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgr.py:201:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgr.py:201:80: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgr.py:207:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgr.py:207:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgr.py:207:52: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgr.py:208:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgr.py:208:81: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgr.py:216:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgr.py:216:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgr.py:216:63: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgr.py:217:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgr.py:217:92: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgr.py:223:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgr.py:223:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgr.py:223:61: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgr.py:224:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgr.py:224:90: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgr.py:228:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgr.py:228:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgr.py:228:52: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgr.py:229:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgr.py:229:81: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgr.py:232:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgr.py:232:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgr.py:232:51: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgr.py:233:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgr.py:233:80: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgr.py:236:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgr.py:236:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgr.py:236:53: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgr.py:237:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgr.py:237:82: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgr.py:240:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgr.py:240:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgr.py:240:53: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgr.py:241:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgr.py:241:82: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgr.py:244:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgr.py:244:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgr.py:244:52: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgr.py:245:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgr.py:245:81: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgr.py:252:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgr.py:252:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgr.py:252:51: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgr.py:253:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgr.py:253:80: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgr.py:257:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgr.py:257:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgr.py:257:61: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgr.py:258:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgr.py:258:90: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgr.py:263:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgr.py:263:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgr.py:263:54: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgr.py:264:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgr.py:264:83: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgr.py:268:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgr.py:268:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgr.py:268:61: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgr.py:269:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgr.py:269:90: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgr.py:279:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgr.py:279:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgr.py:279:49: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgr.py:280:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgr.py:280:78: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgr.py:283:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgr.py:283:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgr.py:283:50: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgr.py:284:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgr.py:284:79: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgr.py:287:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgr.py:287:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgr.py:287:53: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgr.py:288:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgr.py:288:82: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgr.py:293:85: W291 trailing whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgr.py:306:20: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgr.py:306:50: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgr.py:306:57: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgr.py:309:14: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgr.py:317:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgr.py:319:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgr.py:320:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgr.py:322:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgr.py:324:5: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgr.py:327:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgr.py:341:32: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgr.py:343:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgr.py:345:1: E305 expected 2 blank lines after class or function definition, found 1
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgr.py:355:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgr.py:360:1: W391 blank line at end of file
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/tvradio.py:6:1: E303 too many blank lines (4)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/tvradio.py:7:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/tvradio.py:8:1: F401 'sys' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/tvradio.py:10:1: F401 'os.path' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/tvradio.py:14:5: F401 '__builtin__ as builtin' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/tvradio.py:15:1: F401 'os.path.exists' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/tvradio.py:15:1: F401 'os.path.getmtime' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/tvradio.py:17:1: F401 'types' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/tvradio.py:21:1: F403 'from Cheetah.DummyTransaction import *' used; unable to detect undefined names
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/tvradio.py:22:1: F401 'Cheetah.NameMapper.NotFound' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/tvradio.py:23:1: F401 'Cheetah.CacheRegion.CacheRegion' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/tvradio.py:24:1: F401 'Cheetah.Filters' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/tvradio.py:25:1: F401 'Cheetah.ErrorCatchers' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/tvradio.py:26:1: F401 'Plugins.Extensions.OpenWebif.controllers.i18n.tstrings' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/tvradio.py:29:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/tvradio.py:30:6: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/tvradio.py:31:5: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/tvradio.py:32:4: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/tvradio.py:33:12: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/tvradio.py:44:7: E121 continuation line under-indented for hanging indent
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/tvradio.py:45:70: E228 missing whitespace around modulo operator
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/tvradio.py:46:10: E121 continuation line under-indented for hanging indent
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/tvradio.py:49:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/tvradio.py:54:5: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/tvradio.py:57:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/tvradio.py:63:18: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/tvradio.py:64:35: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/tvradio.py:66:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/tvradio.py:68:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/tvradio.py:72:9: E303 too many blank lines (3)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/tvradio.py:72:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/tvradio.py:74:37: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/tvradio.py:76:21: F405 'DummyTransaction' may be undefined, or defined from star imports: Cheetah.DummyTransaction
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/tvradio.py:78:13: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/tvradio.py:82:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/tvradio.py:84:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/tvradio.py:85:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/tvradio.py:89:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/tvradio.py:89:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/tvradio.py:89:50: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/tvradio.py:90:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/tvradio.py:90:79: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/tvradio.py:93:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/tvradio.py:93:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/tvradio.py:93:51: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/tvradio.py:94:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/tvradio.py:94:80: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/tvradio.py:97:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/tvradio.py:97:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/tvradio.py:97:52: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/tvradio.py:98:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/tvradio.py:98:81: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/tvradio.py:101:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/tvradio.py:101:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/tvradio.py:101:53: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/tvradio.py:102:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/tvradio.py:102:82: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/tvradio.py:105:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/tvradio.py:105:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/tvradio.py:105:55: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/tvradio.py:106:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/tvradio.py:106:84: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/tvradio.py:109:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/tvradio.py:109:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/tvradio.py:109:46: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/tvradio.py:110:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/tvradio.py:110:75: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/tvradio.py:115:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/tvradio.py:115:32: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/tvradio.py:115:38: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/tvradio.py:116:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/tvradio.py:116:67: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/tvradio.py:121:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/tvradio.py:121:32: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/tvradio.py:121:38: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/tvradio.py:122:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/tvradio.py:122:67: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/tvradio.py:126:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/tvradio.py:128:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/tvradio.py:129:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/tvradio.py:131:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/tvradio.py:133:5: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/tvradio.py:136:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/tvradio.py:150:35: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/tvradio.py:152:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/tvradio.py:154:1: E305 expected 2 blank lines after class or function definition, found 1
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/tvradio.py:164:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/tvradio.py:169:1: W391 blank line at end of file
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:6:1: E303 too many blank lines (4)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:7:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:8:1: F401 'sys' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:10:1: F401 'os.path' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:14:5: F401 '__builtin__ as builtin' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:15:1: F401 'os.path.exists' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:15:1: F401 'os.path.getmtime' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:17:1: F401 'types' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:21:1: F403 'from Cheetah.DummyTransaction import *' used; unable to detect undefined names
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:22:1: F401 'Cheetah.NameMapper.NotFound' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:23:1: F401 'Cheetah.CacheRegion.CacheRegion' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:24:1: F401 'Cheetah.Filters' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:25:1: F401 'Cheetah.ErrorCatchers' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:26:1: F401 'Plugins.Extensions.OpenWebif.controllers.i18n.tstrings' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:29:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:30:6: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:31:5: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:32:4: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:33:12: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:44:7: E121 continuation line under-indented for hanging indent
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:45:70: E228 missing whitespace around modulo operator
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:46:10: E121 continuation line under-indented for hanging indent
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:49:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:54:5: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:57:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:63:18: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:64:35: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:66:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:68:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:72:9: E303 too many blank lines (3)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:72:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:74:37: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:76:21: F405 'DummyTransaction' may be undefined, or defined from star imports: Cheetah.DummyTransaction
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:78:13: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:82:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:84:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:85:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:86:32: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:86:43: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:86:50: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:91:40: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:91:50: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:91:57: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:92:28: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:92:49: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:92:63: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:93:32: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:93:39: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:93:57: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:95:38: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:95:52: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:95:58: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:96:42: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:96:87: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:98:38: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:98:53: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:98:59: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:99:42: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:99:88: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:101:38: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:101:49: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:101:68: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:102:42: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:102:97: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:105:43: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:105:57: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:105:64: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:107:38: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:107:52: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:107:58: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:108:42: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:108:87: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:110:38: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:110:53: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:110:59: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:111:42: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:111:88: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:113:38: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:113:49: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:113:71: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:114:42: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:114:100: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:116:38: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:116:53: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:116:59: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:117:42: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:117:88: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:120:25: F841 local variable 'rname' is assigned to but never used
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:120:47: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:120:62: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:121:25: F841 local variable 'lnk' is assigned to but never used
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:121:51: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:121:65: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:121:71: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:121:81: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:121:119: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:121:129: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:121:148: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:121:158: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:121:174: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:121:182: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:123:38: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:123:44: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:123:50: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:124:42: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:124:79: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:126:38: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:126:49: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:126:65: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:127:42: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:127:94: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:129:38: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:129:53: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:129:59: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:130:42: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:130:88: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:133:26: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:135:38: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:135:52: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:135:58: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:136:42: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:136:87: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:138:38: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:138:53: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:138:59: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:139:42: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:139:88: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:141:38: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:141:49: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:141:71: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:142:42: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:142:100: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:144:38: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:144:53: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:144:59: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:145:42: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:145:88: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:148:36: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:148:50: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:148:57: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:150:42: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:150:56: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:150:62: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:151:46: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:151:91: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:153:42: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:153:57: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:153:63: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:154:46: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:154:92: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:156:42: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:156:53: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:156:69: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:157:46: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:157:98: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:159:42: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:159:57: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:159:63: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:160:46: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:160:92: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:163:42: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:163:56: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:163:62: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:164:46: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:164:91: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:166:42: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:166:57: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:166:63: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:167:46: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:167:92: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:169:42: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:169:53: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:169:69: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:170:46: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:170:98: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:172:42: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:172:53: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:172:73: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:173:46: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:173:102: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:175:42: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:175:57: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:175:63: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:176:46: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:176:92: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:179:30: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:181:42: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:181:56: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:181:62: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:182:46: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:182:91: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:184:42: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:184:57: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:184:63: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:185:46: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:185:92: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:187:42: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:187:57: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:187:63: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:188:46: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:188:92: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:190:42: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:190:53: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:190:69: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:191:46: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:191:98: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:193:42: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:193:57: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:193:63: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:194:46: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:194:92: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:197:22: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:199:34: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:199:45: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:199:61: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:200:38: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:200:90: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:207:13: F841 local variable 'name' is assigned to but never used
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:207:32: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:207:47: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:207:53: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:207:63: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:210:40: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:210:50: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:210:57: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:211:28: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:211:49: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:211:63: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:213:34: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:213:48: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:213:54: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:214:38: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:214:83: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:216:34: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:216:41: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:216:47: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:217:38: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:217:76: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:219:34: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:219:45: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:219:61: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:220:38: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:220:90: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:222:34: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:222:49: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:222:55: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:223:38: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:223:84: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:225:34: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:225:49: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:225:55: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:226:38: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:226:84: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:229:22: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:231:34: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:231:45: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:231:61: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:232:38: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:232:90: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:234:34: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:234:49: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:234:55: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:235:38: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:235:84: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:238:18: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:240:30: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:240:45: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:240:51: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:241:34: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:241:80: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:246:35: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:246:49: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:246:78: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:246:92: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:246:123: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:246:137: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:246:169: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:246:183: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:246:190: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:249:34: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:249:44: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:249:51: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:251:37: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:251:50: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:251:57: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:252:21: F841 local variable 'ns' is assigned to but never used
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:252:34: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:252:47: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:254:30: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:254:53: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:254:59: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:255:34: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:255:88: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:257:30: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:257:53: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:257:59: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:258:34: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:258:88: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:260:30: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:260:35: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:260:41: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:261:34: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:261:70: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:263:30: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:263:43: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:263:49: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:264:34: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:264:78: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:272:24: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:272:37: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:272:75: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:272:85: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:272:92: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:273:39: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:273:49: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:273:68: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:273:84: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:273:122: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:274:21: F841 local variable 'picon' is assigned to but never used
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:277:40: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:277:50: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:277:69: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:277:90: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:277:116: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:277:124: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:277:131: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:280:28: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:280:41: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:280:48: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:283:34: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:283:50: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:283:56: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:284:38: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:284:85: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:288:22: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:293:43: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:293:53: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:293:60: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:297:34: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:297:54: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:297:60: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:298:38: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:298:89: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:300:34: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:300:52: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:300:58: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:301:38: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:301:87: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:306:34: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:306:54: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:306:60: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:307:38: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:307:89: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:309:34: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:309:48: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:309:54: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:310:38: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:310:83: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:312:34: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:312:52: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:312:58: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:313:38: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:313:87: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:315:34: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:315:54: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:315:60: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:316:38: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:316:89: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:318:34: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:318:54: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:318:60: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:319:38: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:319:89: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:321:34: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:321:53: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:321:59: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:322:38: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:322:88: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:329:34: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:329:52: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:329:58: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:330:38: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:330:87: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:332:34: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:332:45: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:332:79: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:333:38: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:333:108: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:341:34: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:341:53: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:341:59: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:342:38: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:342:90: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:350:34: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:350:55: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:350:61: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:351:38: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:351:90: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:353:34: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:353:53: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:353:59: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:354:38: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:354:88: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:359:34: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:359:55: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:359:61: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:360:38: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:360:90: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:362:34: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:362:48: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:362:54: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:363:38: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:363:83: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:365:34: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:365:53: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:365:59: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:366:38: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:366:88: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:368:34: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:368:55: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:368:61: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:369:38: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:369:90: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:371:34: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:371:55: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:371:61: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:372:38: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:372:90: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:374:34: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:374:58: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:374:64: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:375:38: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:375:93: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:382:34: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:382:53: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:382:59: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:383:38: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:383:88: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:385:34: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:385:45: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:385:79: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:386:38: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:386:108: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:396:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:398:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:399:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:401:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:403:5: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:406:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:420:36: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:422:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:424:1: E305 expected 2 blank lines after class or function definition, found 1
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:434:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/channels.py:439:1: W391 blank line at end of file
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:6:1: E303 too many blank lines (4)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:7:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:8:1: F401 'sys' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:10:1: F401 'os.path' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:14:5: F401 '__builtin__ as builtin' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:15:1: F401 'os.path.exists' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:15:1: F401 'os.path.getmtime' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:17:1: F401 'types' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:21:1: F403 'from Cheetah.DummyTransaction import *' used; unable to detect undefined names
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:22:1: F401 'Cheetah.NameMapper.NotFound' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:23:1: F401 'Cheetah.CacheRegion.CacheRegion' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:24:1: F401 'Cheetah.Filters' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:25:1: F401 'Cheetah.ErrorCatchers' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:26:1: F401 'Plugins.Extensions.OpenWebif.controllers.i18n.tstrings' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:29:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:30:6: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:31:5: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:32:4: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:33:12: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:44:7: E121 continuation line under-indented for hanging indent
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:45:70: E228 missing whitespace around modulo operator
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:46:10: E121 continuation line under-indented for hanging indent
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:49:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:54:5: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:57:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:63:18: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:64:35: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:66:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:68:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:72:9: E303 too many blank lines (3)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:72:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:74:37: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:76:21: F405 'DummyTransaction' may be undefined, or defined from star imports: Cheetah.DummyTransaction
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:78:13: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:82:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:84:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:85:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:88:34: W601 .has_key() is deprecated, use 'in'
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:92:1: E101 indentation contains mixed spaces and tabs
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:92:4: E126 continuation line over-indented for hanging indent
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:105:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:105:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:105:50: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:106:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:106:79: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:117:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:117:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:117:53: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:118:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:118:82: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:124:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:124:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:124:53: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:125:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:125:82: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:129:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:129:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:129:47: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:130:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:130:76: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:134:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:134:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:134:56: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:135:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:135:85: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:139:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:139:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:139:57: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:140:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:140:86: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:144:35: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:144:49: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:144:56: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:146:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:146:39: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:146:45: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:147:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:147:74: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:149:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:149:37: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:149:49: E226 missing whitespace around arithmetic operator
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:149:58: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:149:71: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:149:77: E226 missing whitespace around arithmetic operator
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:149:87: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:150:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:150:100: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:155:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:155:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:155:59: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:156:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:156:88: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:159:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:159:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:159:57: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:160:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:160:86: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:163:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:163:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:163:63: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:164:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:164:92: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:167:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:167:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:167:72: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:168:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:168:101: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:171:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:171:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:171:69: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:172:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:172:98: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:175:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:175:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:175:78: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:176:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:176:107: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:179:31: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:179:45: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:179:52: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:181:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:181:37: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:181:61: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:182:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:182:90: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:188:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:188:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:188:63: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:189:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:189:92: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:193:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:193:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:193:60: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:194:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:194:89: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:197:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:197:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:197:62: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:198:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:198:91: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:202:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:202:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:202:56: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:203:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:203:85: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:207:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:207:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:207:52: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:208:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:208:81: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:211:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:211:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:211:49: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:212:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:212:78: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:215:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:215:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:215:52: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:216:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:216:81: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:218:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:218:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:218:49: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:219:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:219:78: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:223:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:223:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:223:58: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:224:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:224:87: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:228:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:228:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:228:54: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:229:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:229:83: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:234:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:234:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:234:60: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:235:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:235:89: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:239:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:239:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:239:58: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:240:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:240:87: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:245:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:245:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:245:54: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:246:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:246:83: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:251:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:251:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:251:57: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:252:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:252:86: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:257:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:257:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:257:59: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:258:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:258:88: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:263:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:263:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:263:58: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:264:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:264:87: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:269:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:269:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:269:65: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:270:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:270:94: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:274:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:274:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:274:64: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:275:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:275:93: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:280:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:280:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:280:58: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:281:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:281:87: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:290:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:290:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:290:57: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:291:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:291:86: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:295:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:295:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:295:66: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:296:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:296:95: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:299:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:299:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:299:65: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:300:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:300:94: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:303:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:303:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:303:65: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:304:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:304:94: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:307:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:307:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:307:69: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:308:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:308:98: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:311:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:311:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:311:62: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:312:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:312:91: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:317:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:317:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:317:60: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:318:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:318:89: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:323:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:323:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:323:66: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:324:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:324:95: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:328:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:328:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:328:64: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:329:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:329:93: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:335:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:335:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:335:57: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:336:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:336:86: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:342:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:342:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:342:50: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:343:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:343:79: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:348:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:348:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:348:57: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:349:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:349:86: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:353:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:353:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:353:51: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:354:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:354:80: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:357:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:357:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:357:53: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:358:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:358:82: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:361:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:361:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:361:56: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:362:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:362:85: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:365:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:365:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:365:56: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:366:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:366:85: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:371:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:371:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:371:55: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:372:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:372:84: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:376:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:376:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:376:58: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:377:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:377:87: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:380:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:380:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:380:68: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:381:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:381:97: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:384:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:384:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:384:67: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:385:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:385:96: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:388:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:388:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:388:71: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:389:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:389:100: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:393:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:393:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:393:54: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:394:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:394:83: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:401:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:401:45: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:401:52: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:403:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:403:37: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:403:43: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:404:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:404:72: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:406:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:406:37: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:406:43: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:407:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:407:72: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:413:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:413:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:413:50: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:414:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:414:79: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:418:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:418:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:418:57: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:419:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:419:86: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:424:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:424:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:424:51: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:425:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:425:80: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:430:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:430:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:430:61: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:431:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:431:90: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:436:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:436:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:436:54: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:437:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:437:83: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:442:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:442:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:442:61: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:443:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:443:90: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:451:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:451:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:451:52: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:452:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:452:81: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:457:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:457:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:457:46: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:458:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:458:75: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:465:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:465:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:465:60: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:466:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:466:89: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:469:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:469:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:469:60: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:470:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:470:89: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:477:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:477:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:477:58: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:478:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:478:87: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:481:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:481:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:481:63: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:482:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:482:92: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:485:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:485:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:485:57: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:486:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:486:86: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:489:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:489:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:489:56: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:490:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:490:85: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:498:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:498:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:498:49: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:499:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:499:78: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:502:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:502:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:502:50: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:503:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:503:79: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:506:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:506:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:506:52: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:507:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:507:81: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:510:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:510:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:510:51: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:511:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:511:80: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:514:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:514:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:514:49: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:515:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:515:78: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:518:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:518:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:518:51: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:519:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:519:80: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:522:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:522:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:522:49: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:523:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:523:78: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:526:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:526:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:526:60: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:527:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:527:89: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:530:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:530:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:530:60: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:531:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:531:89: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:536:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:536:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:536:49: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:537:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:537:78: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:544:20: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:544:29: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:544:41: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:546:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:546:37: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:546:50: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:547:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:547:79: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:552:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:552:37: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:552:56: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:553:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:553:85: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:558:20: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:558:38: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:558:50: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:560:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:560:37: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:560:62: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:561:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:561:91: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:570:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:570:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:570:46: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:571:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:571:75: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:574:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:574:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:574:49: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:575:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:575:78: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:578:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:578:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:578:49: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:579:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:579:78: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:582:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:582:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:582:50: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:583:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:583:79: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:586:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:586:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:586:53: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:587:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:587:82: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:590:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:590:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:590:54: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:591:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:591:83: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:595:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:595:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:595:52: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:596:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:596:81: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:599:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:599:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:599:66: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:600:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:600:95: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:602:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:602:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:602:54: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:603:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:603:83: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:606:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:606:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:606:49: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:607:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:607:78: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:610:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:610:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:610:49: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:611:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:611:78: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:616:93: W291 trailing whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:633:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:633:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:633:47: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:634:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:634:76: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:636:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:636:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:636:48: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:637:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:637:77: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:639:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:639:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:639:50: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:640:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:640:79: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:642:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:642:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:642:48: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:643:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:643:77: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:645:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:645:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:645:46: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:646:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:646:75: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:665:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:665:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:665:55: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:666:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:666:84: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:670:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:670:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:670:55: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:671:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:671:84: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:675:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:675:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:675:62: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:676:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:676:91: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:680:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:680:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:680:59: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:681:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:681:88: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:685:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:685:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:685:55: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:686:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:686:84: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:690:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:690:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:690:69: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:691:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:691:98: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:695:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:695:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:695:67: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:696:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:696:96: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:700:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:700:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:700:69: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:701:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:701:98: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:705:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:705:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:705:60: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:706:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:706:89: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:710:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:710:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:710:59: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:711:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:711:88: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:715:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:715:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:715:68: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:716:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:716:97: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:720:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:720:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:720:63: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:721:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:721:92: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:726:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:726:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:726:54: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:727:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:727:83: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:731:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:731:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:731:59: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:732:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:732:88: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:735:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:735:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:735:59: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:736:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:736:88: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:739:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:739:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:739:58: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:740:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:740:87: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:745:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:745:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:745:53: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:746:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:746:82: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:750:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:750:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:750:59: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:751:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:751:88: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:754:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:754:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:754:60: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:755:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:755:89: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:769:20: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:769:50: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:769:57: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:772:14: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:780:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:782:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:783:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:785:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:787:5: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:790:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:804:30: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:806:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:808:1: E305 expected 2 blank lines after class or function definition, found 1
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:818:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/at.py:823:1: W391 blank line at end of file
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgpop.py:6:1: E303 too many blank lines (4)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgpop.py:7:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgpop.py:8:1: F401 'sys' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgpop.py:10:1: F401 'os.path' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgpop.py:14:5: F401 '__builtin__ as builtin' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgpop.py:15:1: F401 'os.path.exists' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgpop.py:15:1: F401 'os.path.getmtime' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgpop.py:17:1: F401 'types' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgpop.py:21:1: F403 'from Cheetah.DummyTransaction import *' used; unable to detect undefined names
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgpop.py:22:1: F401 'Cheetah.NameMapper.NotFound' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgpop.py:23:1: F401 'Cheetah.CacheRegion.CacheRegion' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgpop.py:24:1: F401 'Cheetah.Filters' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgpop.py:25:1: F401 'Cheetah.ErrorCatchers' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgpop.py:27:1: F401 'json.dumps' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgpop.py:28:1: F401 'Plugins.Extensions.OpenWebif.controllers.i18n.tstrings' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgpop.py:31:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgpop.py:32:6: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgpop.py:33:5: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgpop.py:34:4: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgpop.py:35:12: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgpop.py:46:7: E121 continuation line under-indented for hanging indent
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgpop.py:47:70: E228 missing whitespace around modulo operator
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgpop.py:48:10: E121 continuation line under-indented for hanging indent
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgpop.py:51:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgpop.py:56:5: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgpop.py:59:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgpop.py:65:18: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgpop.py:66:35: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgpop.py:68:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgpop.py:70:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgpop.py:74:9: E303 too many blank lines (3)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgpop.py:74:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgpop.py:76:37: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgpop.py:78:21: F405 'DummyTransaction' may be undefined, or defined from star imports: Cheetah.DummyTransaction
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgpop.py:80:13: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgpop.py:84:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgpop.py:86:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgpop.py:87:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgpop.py:88:24: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgpop.py:88:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgpop.py:88:46: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgpop.py:100:14: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgpop.py:102:24: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgpop.py:102:36: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgpop.py:102:53: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgpop.py:103:29: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgpop.py:103:37: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgpop.py:114:24: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgpop.py:114:28: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgpop.py:114:61: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgpop.py:114:65: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgpop.py:114:83: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgpop.py:115:17: F841 local variable 't' is assigned to but never used
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgpop.py:115:29: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgpop.py:115:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgpop.py:117:30: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgpop.py:117:34: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgpop.py:117:40: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgpop.py:118:34: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgpop.py:118:69: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgpop.py:127:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgpop.py:127:34: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgpop.py:127:50: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgpop.py:127:61: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgpop.py:127:68: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgpop.py:128:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgpop.py:128:80: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgpop.py:153:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgpop.py:153:37: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgpop.py:153:50: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgpop.py:154:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgpop.py:154:79: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgpop.py:161:34: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgpop.py:161:43: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgpop.py:161:50: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgpop.py:162:17: F841 local variable 'channel' is assigned to but never used
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgpop.py:162:39: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgpop.py:162:53: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgpop.py:162:59: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgpop.py:162:69: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgpop.py:163:17: F841 local variable 'title' is assigned to but never used
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgpop.py:163:37: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgpop.py:163:51: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgpop.py:163:57: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgpop.py:163:67: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgpop.py:164:17: F841 local variable 'sref' is assigned to but never used
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgpop.py:164:38: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgpop.py:164:51: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgpop.py:167:30: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgpop.py:167:37: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgpop.py:167:43: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgpop.py:168:34: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgpop.py:168:72: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgpop.py:170:30: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgpop.py:170:54: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgpop.py:170:60: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgpop.py:171:34: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgpop.py:171:89: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgpop.py:173:30: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgpop.py:173:47: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgpop.py:173:53: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgpop.py:174:34: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgpop.py:174:82: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgpop.py:178:30: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgpop.py:178:44: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgpop.py:178:50: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgpop.py:179:34: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgpop.py:179:79: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgpop.py:184:30: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgpop.py:184:44: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgpop.py:184:50: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgpop.py:185:34: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgpop.py:185:79: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgpop.py:188:36: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgpop.py:188:44: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgpop.py:188:51: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgpop.py:189:43: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgpop.py:189:56: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgpop.py:189:85: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgpop.py:189:98: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgpop.py:189:129: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgpop.py:189:142: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgpop.py:189:174: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgpop.py:189:187: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgpop.py:189:194: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgpop.py:192:26: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgpop.py:194:38: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgpop.py:194:59: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgpop.py:194:65: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgpop.py:195:42: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgpop.py:195:94: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgpop.py:197:38: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgpop.py:197:49: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgpop.py:197:55: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgpop.py:198:42: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgpop.py:198:84: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgpop.py:204:30: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgpop.py:204:43: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgpop.py:204:49: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgpop.py:205:34: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgpop.py:205:78: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgpop.py:208:30: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgpop.py:208:44: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgpop.py:208:50: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgpop.py:209:34: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgpop.py:209:79: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgpop.py:211:30: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgpop.py:211:44: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgpop.py:211:50: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgpop.py:212:34: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgpop.py:212:79: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgpop.py:214:30: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgpop.py:214:42: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgpop.py:214:48: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgpop.py:215:34: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgpop.py:215:77: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgpop.py:217:30: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgpop.py:217:47: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgpop.py:217:53: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgpop.py:218:34: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgpop.py:218:82: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgpop.py:226:30: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgpop.py:226:37: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgpop.py:226:43: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgpop.py:227:34: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgpop.py:227:72: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgpop.py:229:30: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgpop.py:229:41: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgpop.py:229:47: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgpop.py:230:34: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgpop.py:230:76: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgpop.py:232:30: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgpop.py:232:41: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgpop.py:232:60: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgpop.py:233:34: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgpop.py:233:89: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgpop.py:238:30: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgpop.py:238:37: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgpop.py:238:43: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgpop.py:239:34: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgpop.py:239:72: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgpop.py:241:30: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgpop.py:241:41: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgpop.py:241:47: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgpop.py:242:34: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgpop.py:242:76: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgpop.py:244:30: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgpop.py:244:41: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgpop.py:244:63: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgpop.py:245:34: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgpop.py:245:92: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgpop.py:252:30: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgpop.py:252:37: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgpop.py:252:43: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgpop.py:253:34: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgpop.py:253:72: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgpop.py:255:30: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgpop.py:255:41: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgpop.py:255:47: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgpop.py:256:34: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgpop.py:256:76: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgpop.py:258:30: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgpop.py:258:41: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgpop.py:258:61: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgpop.py:259:34: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgpop.py:259:90: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgpop.py:266:30: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgpop.py:266:48: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgpop.py:266:54: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgpop.py:267:34: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgpop.py:267:83: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgpop.py:270:30: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgpop.py:270:47: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgpop.py:270:53: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgpop.py:271:34: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgpop.py:271:82: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgpop.py:278:30: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgpop.py:278:37: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgpop.py:278:43: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgpop.py:279:34: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgpop.py:279:72: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgpop.py:281:30: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgpop.py:281:41: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgpop.py:281:47: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgpop.py:282:34: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgpop.py:282:76: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgpop.py:284:30: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgpop.py:284:41: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgpop.py:284:63: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgpop.py:285:34: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgpop.py:285:92: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgpop.py:292:28: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgpop.py:292:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgpop.py:292:40: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgpop.py:294:34: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgpop.py:294:41: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgpop.py:294:47: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgpop.py:295:38: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgpop.py:295:76: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgpop.py:297:34: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgpop.py:297:44: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgpop.py:297:50: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgpop.py:298:38: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgpop.py:298:79: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgpop.py:300:34: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgpop.py:300:42: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgpop.py:300:48: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgpop.py:301:38: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgpop.py:301:77: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgpop.py:303:34: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgpop.py:303:48: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgpop.py:303:54: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgpop.py:304:38: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgpop.py:304:83: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgpop.py:306:34: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgpop.py:306:46: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgpop.py:306:52: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgpop.py:307:38: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgpop.py:307:81: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgpop.py:309:34: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgpop.py:309:45: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgpop.py:309:68: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgpop.py:310:38: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgpop.py:310:97: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgpop.py:320:28: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgpop.py:320:38: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgpop.py:320:60: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgpop.py:322:34: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgpop.py:322:42: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgpop.py:322:58: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgpop.py:322:72: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgpop.py:322:79: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgpop.py:323:38: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgpop.py:323:91: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgpop.py:325:34: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgpop.py:325:45: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgpop.py:325:71: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgpop.py:326:38: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgpop.py:326:100: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgpop.py:329:30: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgpop.py:329:40: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgpop.py:329:57: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgpop.py:331:34: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgpop.py:331:48: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgpop.py:331:54: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgpop.py:332:38: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgpop.py:332:83: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgpop.py:334:34: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgpop.py:334:45: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgpop.py:334:66: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgpop.py:335:38: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgpop.py:335:95: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgpop.py:338:22: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgpop.py:340:34: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgpop.py:340:42: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgpop.py:340:58: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgpop.py:340:72: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgpop.py:340:79: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgpop.py:341:38: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgpop.py:341:91: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgpop.py:343:34: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgpop.py:343:45: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgpop.py:343:66: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgpop.py:344:38: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgpop.py:344:95: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgpop.py:355:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgpop.py:355:37: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgpop.py:355:57: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgpop.py:356:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgpop.py:356:86: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgpop.py:362:34: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgpop.py:362:43: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgpop.py:362:50: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgpop.py:364:30: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgpop.py:364:44: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgpop.py:364:50: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgpop.py:365:34: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgpop.py:365:79: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgpop.py:367:30: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgpop.py:367:42: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgpop.py:367:48: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgpop.py:368:34: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgpop.py:368:77: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgpop.py:370:30: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgpop.py:370:49: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgpop.py:370:55: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgpop.py:371:34: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgpop.py:371:84: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgpop.py:400:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgpop.py:402:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgpop.py:403:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgpop.py:405:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgpop.py:407:5: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgpop.py:410:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgpop.py:424:34: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgpop.py:426:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgpop.py:428:1: E305 expected 2 blank lines after class or function definition, found 1
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgpop.py:438:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgpop.py:443:1: W391 blank line at end of file
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/terminal.py:6:1: E303 too many blank lines (4)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/terminal.py:7:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/terminal.py:8:1: F401 'sys' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/terminal.py:10:1: F401 'os.path' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/terminal.py:14:5: F401 '__builtin__ as builtin' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/terminal.py:15:1: F401 'os.path.exists' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/terminal.py:15:1: F401 'os.path.getmtime' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/terminal.py:17:1: F401 'types' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/terminal.py:21:1: F403 'from Cheetah.DummyTransaction import *' used; unable to detect undefined names
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/terminal.py:22:1: F401 'Cheetah.NameMapper.NotFound' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/terminal.py:23:1: F401 'Cheetah.CacheRegion.CacheRegion' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/terminal.py:24:1: F401 'Cheetah.Filters' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/terminal.py:25:1: F401 'Cheetah.ErrorCatchers' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/terminal.py:28:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/terminal.py:29:6: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/terminal.py:30:5: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/terminal.py:31:4: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/terminal.py:32:12: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/terminal.py:43:7: E121 continuation line under-indented for hanging indent
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/terminal.py:44:70: E228 missing whitespace around modulo operator
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/terminal.py:45:10: E121 continuation line under-indented for hanging indent
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/terminal.py:48:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/terminal.py:53:5: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/terminal.py:56:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/terminal.py:62:18: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/terminal.py:63:35: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/terminal.py:65:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/terminal.py:67:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/terminal.py:71:9: E303 too many blank lines (3)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/terminal.py:71:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/terminal.py:73:37: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/terminal.py:75:21: F405 'DummyTransaction' may be undefined, or defined from star imports: Cheetah.DummyTransaction
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/terminal.py:77:13: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/terminal.py:79:9: F841 local variable 'SL' is assigned to but never used
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/terminal.py:81:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/terminal.py:83:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/terminal.py:84:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/terminal.py:87:34: W601 .has_key() is deprecated, use 'in'
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/terminal.py:91:1: E101 indentation contains mixed spaces and tabs
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/terminal.py:91:4: E126 continuation line over-indented for hanging indent
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/terminal.py:121:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/terminal.py:123:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/terminal.py:124:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/terminal.py:126:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/terminal.py:128:5: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/terminal.py:131:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/terminal.py:145:36: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/terminal.py:147:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/terminal.py:149:1: E305 expected 2 blank lines after class or function definition, found 1
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/terminal.py:159:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/terminal.py:164:1: W391 blank line at end of file
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/powerstate.py:6:1: E303 too many blank lines (4)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/powerstate.py:7:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/powerstate.py:8:1: F401 'sys' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/powerstate.py:10:1: F401 'os.path' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/powerstate.py:14:5: F401 '__builtin__ as builtin' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/powerstate.py:15:1: F401 'os.path.exists' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/powerstate.py:15:1: F401 'os.path.getmtime' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/powerstate.py:17:1: F401 'types' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/powerstate.py:21:1: F403 'from Cheetah.DummyTransaction import *' used; unable to detect undefined names
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/powerstate.py:22:1: F401 'Cheetah.NameMapper.NotFound' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/powerstate.py:23:1: F401 'Cheetah.CacheRegion.CacheRegion' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/powerstate.py:24:1: F401 'Cheetah.Filters' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/powerstate.py:25:1: F401 'Cheetah.ErrorCatchers' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/powerstate.py:26:1: F401 'Plugins.Extensions.OpenWebif.controllers.i18n.tstrings' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/powerstate.py:29:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/powerstate.py:30:6: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/powerstate.py:31:5: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/powerstate.py:32:4: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/powerstate.py:33:12: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/powerstate.py:44:7: E121 continuation line under-indented for hanging indent
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/powerstate.py:45:70: E228 missing whitespace around modulo operator
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/powerstate.py:46:10: E121 continuation line under-indented for hanging indent
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/powerstate.py:49:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/powerstate.py:54:5: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/powerstate.py:57:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/powerstate.py:63:18: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/powerstate.py:64:35: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/powerstate.py:66:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/powerstate.py:68:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/powerstate.py:72:9: E303 too many blank lines (3)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/powerstate.py:72:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/powerstate.py:74:37: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/powerstate.py:76:21: F405 'DummyTransaction' may be undefined, or defined from star imports: Cheetah.DummyTransaction
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/powerstate.py:78:13: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/powerstate.py:82:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/powerstate.py:84:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/powerstate.py:85:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/powerstate.py:90:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/powerstate.py:90:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/powerstate.py:90:57: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/powerstate.py:91:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/powerstate.py:91:86: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/powerstate.py:94:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/powerstate.py:94:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/powerstate.py:94:55: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/powerstate.py:95:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/powerstate.py:95:84: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/powerstate.py:98:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/powerstate.py:98:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/powerstate.py:98:53: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/powerstate.py:99:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/powerstate.py:99:82: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/powerstate.py:102:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/powerstate.py:102:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/powerstate.py:102:54: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/powerstate.py:103:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/powerstate.py:103:83: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/powerstate.py:106:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/powerstate.py:106:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/powerstate.py:106:50: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/powerstate.py:107:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/powerstate.py:107:79: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/powerstate.py:110:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/powerstate.py:110:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/powerstate.py:110:50: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/powerstate.py:111:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/powerstate.py:111:79: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/powerstate.py:121:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/powerstate.py:123:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/powerstate.py:124:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/powerstate.py:126:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/powerstate.py:128:5: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/powerstate.py:131:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/powerstate.py:145:38: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/powerstate.py:147:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/powerstate.py:149:1: E305 expected 2 blank lines after class or function definition, found 1
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/powerstate.py:159:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/powerstate.py:164:1: W391 blank line at end of file
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/screenshot.py:6:1: E303 too many blank lines (4)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/screenshot.py:7:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/screenshot.py:8:1: F401 'sys' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/screenshot.py:10:1: F401 'os.path' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/screenshot.py:14:5: F401 '__builtin__ as builtin' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/screenshot.py:15:1: F401 'os.path.exists' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/screenshot.py:15:1: F401 'os.path.getmtime' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/screenshot.py:17:1: F401 'types' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/screenshot.py:21:1: F403 'from Cheetah.DummyTransaction import *' used; unable to detect undefined names
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/screenshot.py:22:1: F401 'Cheetah.NameMapper.NotFound' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/screenshot.py:23:1: F401 'Cheetah.CacheRegion.CacheRegion' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/screenshot.py:24:1: F401 'Cheetah.Filters' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/screenshot.py:25:1: F401 'Cheetah.ErrorCatchers' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/screenshot.py:26:1: F401 'Plugins.Extensions.OpenWebif.controllers.i18n.tstrings' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/screenshot.py:27:1: F401 'Plugins.Extensions.OpenWebif.controllers.models.info.getPipStatus' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/screenshot.py:27:1: F401 'Plugins.Extensions.OpenWebif.controllers.models.info.getInfo' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/screenshot.py:30:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/screenshot.py:31:6: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/screenshot.py:32:5: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/screenshot.py:33:4: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/screenshot.py:34:12: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/screenshot.py:45:7: E121 continuation line under-indented for hanging indent
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/screenshot.py:46:70: E228 missing whitespace around modulo operator
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/screenshot.py:47:10: E121 continuation line under-indented for hanging indent
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/screenshot.py:50:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/screenshot.py:55:5: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/screenshot.py:58:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/screenshot.py:64:18: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/screenshot.py:65:35: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/screenshot.py:67:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/screenshot.py:69:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/screenshot.py:73:9: E303 too many blank lines (3)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/screenshot.py:73:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/screenshot.py:75:37: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/screenshot.py:77:21: F405 'DummyTransaction' may be undefined, or defined from star imports: Cheetah.DummyTransaction
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/screenshot.py:79:13: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/screenshot.py:83:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/screenshot.py:85:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/screenshot.py:86:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/screenshot.py:90:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/screenshot.py:90:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/screenshot.py:90:53: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/screenshot.py:91:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/screenshot.py:91:82: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/screenshot.py:97:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/screenshot.py:97:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/screenshot.py:97:53: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/screenshot.py:98:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/screenshot.py:98:82: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/screenshot.py:100:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/screenshot.py:100:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/screenshot.py:100:46: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/screenshot.py:101:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/screenshot.py:101:75: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/screenshot.py:104:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/screenshot.py:104:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/screenshot.py:104:53: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/screenshot.py:105:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/screenshot.py:105:82: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/screenshot.py:107:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/screenshot.py:107:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/screenshot.py:107:48: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/screenshot.py:108:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/screenshot.py:108:77: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/screenshot.py:111:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/screenshot.py:111:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/screenshot.py:111:53: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/screenshot.py:112:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/screenshot.py:112:82: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/screenshot.py:114:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/screenshot.py:114:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/screenshot.py:114:46: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/screenshot.py:115:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/screenshot.py:115:75: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/screenshot.py:118:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/screenshot.py:118:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/screenshot.py:118:46: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/screenshot.py:119:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/screenshot.py:119:75: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/screenshot.py:122:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/screenshot.py:122:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/screenshot.py:122:46: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/screenshot.py:123:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/screenshot.py:123:75: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/screenshot.py:130:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/screenshot.py:130:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/screenshot.py:130:50: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/screenshot.py:131:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/screenshot.py:131:79: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/screenshot.py:139:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/screenshot.py:139:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/screenshot.py:139:58: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/screenshot.py:140:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/screenshot.py:140:87: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/screenshot.py:143:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/screenshot.py:143:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/screenshot.py:143:55: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/screenshot.py:144:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/screenshot.py:144:84: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/screenshot.py:147:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/screenshot.py:147:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/screenshot.py:147:50: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/screenshot.py:148:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/screenshot.py:148:79: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/screenshot.py:153:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/screenshot.py:153:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/screenshot.py:153:50: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/screenshot.py:154:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/screenshot.py:154:79: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/screenshot.py:163:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/screenshot.py:163:32: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/screenshot.py:163:45: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/screenshot.py:164:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/screenshot.py:164:74: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/screenshot.py:167:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/screenshot.py:167:37: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/screenshot.py:167:46: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/screenshot.py:168:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/screenshot.py:168:74: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/screenshot.py:205:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/screenshot.py:207:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/screenshot.py:208:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/screenshot.py:210:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/screenshot.py:212:5: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/screenshot.py:215:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/screenshot.py:229:38: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/screenshot.py:231:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/screenshot.py:233:1: E305 expected 2 blank lines after class or function definition, found 1
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/screenshot.py:243:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/screenshot.py:248:1: W391 blank line at end of file
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/eventdescription.py:6:1: E303 too many blank lines (4)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/eventdescription.py:7:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/eventdescription.py:8:1: F401 'sys' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/eventdescription.py:10:1: F401 'os.path' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/eventdescription.py:14:5: F401 '__builtin__ as builtin' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/eventdescription.py:15:1: F401 'os.path.exists' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/eventdescription.py:15:1: F401 'os.path.getmtime' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/eventdescription.py:17:1: F401 'types' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/eventdescription.py:21:1: F403 'from Cheetah.DummyTransaction import *' used; unable to detect undefined names
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/eventdescription.py:22:1: F401 'Cheetah.NameMapper.NotFound' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/eventdescription.py:23:1: F401 'Cheetah.CacheRegion.CacheRegion' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/eventdescription.py:24:1: F401 'Cheetah.Filters' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/eventdescription.py:25:1: F401 'Cheetah.ErrorCatchers' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/eventdescription.py:28:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/eventdescription.py:29:6: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/eventdescription.py:30:5: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/eventdescription.py:31:4: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/eventdescription.py:32:12: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/eventdescription.py:43:7: E121 continuation line under-indented for hanging indent
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/eventdescription.py:44:70: E228 missing whitespace around modulo operator
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/eventdescription.py:45:10: E121 continuation line under-indented for hanging indent
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/eventdescription.py:48:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/eventdescription.py:53:5: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/eventdescription.py:56:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/eventdescription.py:62:18: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/eventdescription.py:63:35: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/eventdescription.py:65:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/eventdescription.py:67:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/eventdescription.py:71:9: E303 too many blank lines (3)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/eventdescription.py:71:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/eventdescription.py:73:37: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/eventdescription.py:75:21: F405 'DummyTransaction' may be undefined, or defined from star imports: Cheetah.DummyTransaction
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/eventdescription.py:77:13: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/eventdescription.py:81:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/eventdescription.py:83:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/eventdescription.py:84:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/eventdescription.py:87:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/eventdescription.py:87:36: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/eventdescription.py:87:42: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/eventdescription.py:88:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/eventdescription.py:88:71: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/eventdescription.py:92:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/eventdescription.py:94:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/eventdescription.py:95:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/eventdescription.py:97:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/eventdescription.py:99:5: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/eventdescription.py:102:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/eventdescription.py:116:44: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/eventdescription.py:118:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/eventdescription.py:120:1: E305 expected 2 blank lines after class or function definition, found 1
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/eventdescription.py:130:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/eventdescription.py:135:1: W391 blank line at end of file
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/message.py:6:1: E303 too many blank lines (4)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/message.py:7:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/message.py:8:1: F401 'sys' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/message.py:10:1: F401 'os.path' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/message.py:14:5: F401 '__builtin__ as builtin' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/message.py:15:1: F401 'os.path.exists' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/message.py:15:1: F401 'os.path.getmtime' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/message.py:17:1: F401 'types' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/message.py:21:1: F403 'from Cheetah.DummyTransaction import *' used; unable to detect undefined names
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/message.py:22:1: F401 'Cheetah.NameMapper.NotFound' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/message.py:23:1: F401 'Cheetah.CacheRegion.CacheRegion' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/message.py:24:1: F401 'Cheetah.Filters' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/message.py:25:1: F401 'Cheetah.ErrorCatchers' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/message.py:26:1: F401 'Plugins.Extensions.OpenWebif.controllers.i18n.tstrings' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/message.py:29:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/message.py:30:6: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/message.py:31:5: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/message.py:32:4: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/message.py:33:12: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/message.py:44:7: E121 continuation line under-indented for hanging indent
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/message.py:45:70: E228 missing whitespace around modulo operator
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/message.py:46:10: E121 continuation line under-indented for hanging indent
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/message.py:49:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/message.py:54:5: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/message.py:57:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/message.py:63:18: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/message.py:64:35: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/message.py:66:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/message.py:68:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/message.py:72:9: E303 too many blank lines (3)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/message.py:72:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/message.py:74:37: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/message.py:76:21: F405 'DummyTransaction' may be undefined, or defined from star imports: Cheetah.DummyTransaction
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/message.py:78:13: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/message.py:82:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/message.py:84:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/message.py:85:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/message.py:92:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/message.py:92:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/message.py:92:47: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/message.py:93:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/message.py:93:76: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/message.py:99:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/message.py:99:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/message.py:99:61: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/message.py:100:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/message.py:100:90: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/message.py:106:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/message.py:106:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/message.py:106:47: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/message.py:107:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/message.py:107:76: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/message.py:112:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/message.py:112:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/message.py:112:47: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/message.py:113:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/message.py:113:76: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/message.py:116:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/message.py:116:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/message.py:116:50: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/message.py:117:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/message.py:117:79: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/message.py:120:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/message.py:120:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/message.py:120:48: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/message.py:121:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/message.py:121:77: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/message.py:124:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/message.py:124:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/message.py:124:49: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/message.py:125:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/message.py:125:78: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/message.py:140:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/message.py:142:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/message.py:143:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/message.py:145:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/message.py:147:5: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/message.py:150:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/message.py:164:35: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/message.py:166:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/message.py:168:1: E305 expected 2 blank lines after class or function definition, found 1
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/message.py:178:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/message.py:183:1: W391 blank line at end of file
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/config.py:6:1: E303 too many blank lines (4)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/config.py:7:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/config.py:8:1: F401 'sys' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/config.py:10:1: F401 'os.path' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/config.py:14:5: F401 '__builtin__ as builtin' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/config.py:15:1: F401 'os.path.exists' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/config.py:15:1: F401 'os.path.getmtime' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/config.py:17:1: F401 'types' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/config.py:21:1: F403 'from Cheetah.DummyTransaction import *' used; unable to detect undefined names
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/config.py:22:1: F401 'Cheetah.NameMapper.NotFound' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/config.py:23:1: F401 'Cheetah.CacheRegion.CacheRegion' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/config.py:24:1: F401 'Cheetah.Filters' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/config.py:25:1: F401 'Cheetah.ErrorCatchers' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/config.py:28:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/config.py:29:6: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/config.py:30:5: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/config.py:31:4: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/config.py:32:12: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/config.py:43:7: E121 continuation line under-indented for hanging indent
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/config.py:44:70: E228 missing whitespace around modulo operator
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/config.py:45:10: E121 continuation line under-indented for hanging indent
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/config.py:48:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/config.py:53:5: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/config.py:56:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/config.py:62:18: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/config.py:63:35: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/config.py:65:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/config.py:67:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/config.py:71:9: E303 too many blank lines (3)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/config.py:71:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/config.py:74:37: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/config.py:76:21: F405 'DummyTransaction' may be undefined, or defined from star imports: Cheetah.DummyTransaction
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/config.py:78:13: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/config.py:82:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/config.py:84:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/config.py:85:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/config.py:88:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/config.py:88:43: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/config.py:88:49: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/config.py:89:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/config.py:89:78: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/config.py:93:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/config.py:93:36: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/config.py:93:42: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/config.py:94:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/config.py:94:71: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/config.py:96:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/config.py:96:36: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/config.py:96:42: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/config.py:97:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/config.py:97:71: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/config.py:100:31: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/config.py:100:53: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/config.py:100:60: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/config.py:101:24: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/config.py:101:46: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/config.py:101:64: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/config.py:101:73: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/config.py:101:83: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/config.py:103:30: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/config.py:103:39: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/config.py:103:48: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/config.py:104:34: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/config.py:104:77: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/config.py:106:30: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/config.py:106:39: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/config.py:106:48: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/config.py:107:34: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/config.py:107:77: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/config.py:110:18: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/config.py:112:30: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/config.py:112:39: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/config.py:112:48: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/config.py:113:34: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/config.py:113:77: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/config.py:115:30: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/config.py:115:39: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/config.py:115:48: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/config.py:116:34: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/config.py:116:77: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/config.py:123:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/config.py:125:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/config.py:126:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/config.py:128:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/config.py:130:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/config.py:134:9: E303 too many blank lines (3)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/config.py:134:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/config.py:137:37: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/config.py:139:21: F405 'DummyTransaction' may be undefined, or defined from star imports: Cheetah.DummyTransaction
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/config.py:141:13: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/config.py:145:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/config.py:147:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/config.py:148:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/config.py:151:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/config.py:151:43: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/config.py:151:49: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/config.py:152:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/config.py:152:78: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/config.py:156:20: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/config.py:156:42: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/config.py:156:49: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/config.py:158:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/config.py:158:40: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/config.py:158:46: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/config.py:159:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/config.py:159:75: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/config.py:161:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/config.py:161:40: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/config.py:161:46: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/config.py:162:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/config.py:162:75: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/config.py:165:14: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/config.py:167:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/config.py:167:40: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/config.py:167:46: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/config.py:168:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/config.py:168:75: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/config.py:170:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/config.py:170:40: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/config.py:170:46: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/config.py:171:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/config.py:171:75: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/config.py:177:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/config.py:179:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/config.py:180:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/config.py:182:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/config.py:184:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/config.py:188:9: E303 too many blank lines (3)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/config.py:188:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/config.py:191:37: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/config.py:193:21: F405 'DummyTransaction' may be undefined, or defined from star imports: Cheetah.DummyTransaction
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/config.py:195:13: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/config.py:199:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/config.py:201:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/config.py:202:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/config.py:205:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/config.py:205:43: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/config.py:205:49: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/config.py:206:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/config.py:206:78: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/config.py:210:31: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/config.py:210:53: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/config.py:210:60: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/config.py:211:24: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/config.py:211:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/config.py:211:51: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/config.py:211:73: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/config.py:211:80: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/config.py:213:30: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/config.py:213:44: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/config.py:213:50: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/config.py:214:34: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/config.py:214:81: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/config.py:216:30: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/config.py:216:39: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/config.py:216:45: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/config.py:217:34: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/config.py:217:76: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/config.py:219:30: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/config.py:219:44: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/config.py:219:50: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/config.py:220:34: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/config.py:220:79: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/config.py:222:30: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/config.py:222:39: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/config.py:222:45: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/config.py:223:34: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/config.py:223:74: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/config.py:226:18: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/config.py:228:30: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/config.py:228:44: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/config.py:228:50: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/config.py:229:34: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/config.py:229:81: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/config.py:231:30: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/config.py:231:39: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/config.py:231:45: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/config.py:232:34: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/config.py:232:76: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/config.py:234:30: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/config.py:234:44: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/config.py:234:50: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/config.py:235:34: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/config.py:235:79: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/config.py:237:30: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/config.py:237:39: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/config.py:237:45: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/config.py:238:34: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/config.py:238:74: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/config.py:242:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/config.py:242:35: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/config.py:242:41: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/config.py:243:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/config.py:243:70: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/config.py:249:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/config.py:251:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/config.py:252:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/config.py:254:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/config.py:256:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/config.py:260:9: E303 too many blank lines (3)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/config.py:260:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/config.py:263:37: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/config.py:265:21: F405 'DummyTransaction' may be undefined, or defined from star imports: Cheetah.DummyTransaction
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/config.py:267:13: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/config.py:271:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/config.py:273:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/config.py:274:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/config.py:277:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/config.py:277:43: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/config.py:277:49: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/config.py:278:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/config.py:278:78: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/config.py:282:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/config.py:282:36: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/config.py:282:42: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/config.py:283:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/config.py:283:73: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/config.py:285:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/config.py:285:44: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/config.py:285:50: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/config.py:286:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/config.py:286:79: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/config.py:288:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/config.py:288:36: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/config.py:288:42: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/config.py:289:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/config.py:289:71: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/config.py:294:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/config.py:296:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/config.py:297:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/config.py:299:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/config.py:301:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/config.py:305:9: E303 too many blank lines (3)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/config.py:305:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/config.py:308:37: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/config.py:310:21: F405 'DummyTransaction' may be undefined, or defined from star imports: Cheetah.DummyTransaction
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/config.py:312:13: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/config.py:316:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/config.py:318:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/config.py:319:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/config.py:322:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/config.py:322:43: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/config.py:322:49: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/config.py:323:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/config.py:323:78: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/config.py:327:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/config.py:327:36: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/config.py:327:42: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/config.py:328:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/config.py:328:73: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/config.py:330:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/config.py:330:44: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/config.py:330:50: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/config.py:331:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/config.py:331:79: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/config.py:333:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/config.py:333:36: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/config.py:333:42: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/config.py:334:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/config.py:334:71: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/config.py:339:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/config.py:341:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/config.py:342:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/config.py:344:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/config.py:346:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/config.py:350:9: E303 too many blank lines (3)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/config.py:350:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/config.py:352:37: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/config.py:354:21: F405 'DummyTransaction' may be undefined, or defined from star imports: Cheetah.DummyTransaction
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/config.py:356:13: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/config.py:360:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/config.py:362:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/config.py:363:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/config.py:371:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/config.py:371:30: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/config.py:371:36: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/config.py:372:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/config.py:372:65: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/config.py:376:31: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/config.py:376:41: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/config.py:376:48: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/config.py:377:24: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/config.py:377:43: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/config.py:377:62: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/config.py:379:30: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/config.py:379:39: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/config.py:379:55: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/config.py:379:64: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/config.py:379:71: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/config.py:380:34: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/config.py:380:83: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/config.py:383:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/config.py:383:45: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/config.py:383:66: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/config.py:385:30: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/config.py:385:41: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/config.py:385:57: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/config.py:385:66: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/config.py:385:73: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/config.py:386:34: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/config.py:386:85: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/config.py:389:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/config.py:389:45: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/config.py:389:71: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/config.py:391:30: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/config.py:391:46: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/config.py:391:62: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/config.py:391:71: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/config.py:391:78: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/config.py:392:34: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/config.py:392:90: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/config.py:395:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/config.py:395:45: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/config.py:395:64: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/config.py:397:30: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/config.py:397:39: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/config.py:397:55: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/config.py:397:64: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/config.py:397:71: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/config.py:398:34: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/config.py:398:83: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/config.py:401:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/config.py:401:45: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/config.py:401:62: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/config.py:403:30: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/config.py:403:37: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/config.py:403:53: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/config.py:403:62: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/config.py:403:69: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/config.py:404:34: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/config.py:404:81: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/config.py:407:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/config.py:407:45: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/config.py:407:64: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/config.py:409:30: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/config.py:409:39: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/config.py:409:55: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/config.py:409:64: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/config.py:409:71: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/config.py:410:34: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/config.py:410:83: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/config.py:416:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/config.py:418:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/config.py:419:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/config.py:421:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/config.py:423:5: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/config.py:426:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/config.py:440:34: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/config.py:442:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/config.py:444:1: E305 expected 2 blank lines after class or function definition, found 1
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/config.py:454:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/config.py:459:1: W391 blank line at end of file
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/event.py:6:1: E303 too many blank lines (4)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/event.py:7:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/event.py:8:1: F401 'sys' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/event.py:10:1: F401 'os.path' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/event.py:14:5: F401 '__builtin__ as builtin' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/event.py:15:1: F401 'os.path.exists' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/event.py:15:1: F401 'os.path.getmtime' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/event.py:17:1: F401 'types' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/event.py:21:1: F403 'from Cheetah.DummyTransaction import *' used; unable to detect undefined names
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/event.py:22:1: F401 'Cheetah.NameMapper.NotFound' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/event.py:23:1: F401 'Cheetah.CacheRegion.CacheRegion' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/event.py:24:1: F401 'Cheetah.Filters' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/event.py:25:1: F401 'Cheetah.ErrorCatchers' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/event.py:27:1: F401 'json.dumps' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/event.py:28:1: F401 'Plugins.Extensions.OpenWebif.controllers.i18n.tstrings' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/event.py:31:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/event.py:32:6: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/event.py:33:5: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/event.py:34:4: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/event.py:35:12: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/event.py:46:7: E121 continuation line under-indented for hanging indent
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/event.py:47:70: E228 missing whitespace around modulo operator
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/event.py:48:10: E121 continuation line under-indented for hanging indent
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/event.py:51:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/event.py:56:5: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/event.py:59:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/event.py:65:18: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/event.py:66:35: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/event.py:68:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/event.py:70:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/event.py:74:9: E303 too many blank lines (3)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/event.py:74:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/event.py:76:37: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/event.py:78:21: F405 'DummyTransaction' may be undefined, or defined from star imports: Cheetah.DummyTransaction
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/event.py:80:13: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/event.py:84:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/event.py:86:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/event.py:87:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/event.py:88:9: F841 local variable 'etime' is assigned to but never used
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/event.py:88:40: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/event.py:88:54: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/event.py:89:9: F841 local variable 'channel' is assigned to but never used
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/event.py:89:31: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/event.py:89:47: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/event.py:89:53: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/event.py:89:63: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/event.py:90:9: F841 local variable 'title' is assigned to but never used
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/event.py:90:29: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/event.py:90:43: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/event.py:90:49: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/event.py:90:59: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/event.py:91:9: F841 local variable 'sref' is assigned to but never used
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/event.py:91:30: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/event.py:91:43: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/event.py:106:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/event.py:106:32: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/event.py:106:38: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/event.py:107:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/event.py:107:67: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/event.py:117:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/event.py:117:28: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/event.py:117:44: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/event.py:117:52: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/event.py:117:67: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/event.py:118:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/event.py:118:79: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/event.py:120:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/event.py:120:32: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/event.py:120:38: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/event.py:121:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/event.py:121:67: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/event.py:123:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/event.py:123:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/event.py:123:46: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/event.py:124:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/event.py:124:75: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/event.py:126:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/event.py:126:30: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/event.py:126:47: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/event.py:127:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/event.py:127:76: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/event.py:132:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/event.py:132:40: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/event.py:132:46: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/event.py:133:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/event.py:133:75: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/event.py:136:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/event.py:136:28: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/event.py:136:44: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/event.py:136:61: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/event.py:136:67: E226 missing whitespace around arithmetic operator
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/event.py:136:71: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/event.py:137:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/event.py:137:83: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/event.py:142:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/event.py:142:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/event.py:142:63: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/event.py:142:70: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/event.py:142:76: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/event.py:142:87: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/event.py:142:109: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/event.py:142:117: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/event.py:142:127: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/event.py:143:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/event.py:143:111: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/event.py:146:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/event.py:146:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/event.py:146:39: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/event.py:146:50: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/event.py:146:72: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/event.py:146:80: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/event.py:146:87: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/event.py:147:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/event.py:147:87: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/event.py:149:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/event.py:149:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/event.py:149:65: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/event.py:149:72: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/event.py:149:78: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/event.py:149:89: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/event.py:149:111: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/event.py:149:119: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/event.py:149:129: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/event.py:150:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/event.py:150:113: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/event.py:156:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/event.py:156:36: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/event.py:156:42: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/event.py:157:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/event.py:157:71: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/event.py:160:20: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/event.py:160:34: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/event.py:160:52: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/event.py:160:70: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/event.py:160:77: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/event.py:162:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/event.py:162:44: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/event.py:162:50: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/event.py:163:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/event.py:163:79: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/event.py:167:30: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/event.py:167:47: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/event.py:167:53: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/event.py:167:63: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/event.py:167:75: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/event.py:167:84: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/event.py:167:94: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/event.py:167:111: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/event.py:167:120: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/event.py:168:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/event.py:168:127: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/event.py:174:20: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/event.py:174:34: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/event.py:174:41: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/event.py:176:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/event.py:176:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/event.py:176:39: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/event.py:177:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/event.py:177:68: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/event.py:179:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/event.py:179:36: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/event.py:179:42: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/event.py:180:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/event.py:180:71: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/event.py:182:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/event.py:182:37: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/event.py:182:53: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/event.py:183:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/event.py:183:82: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/event.py:185:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/event.py:185:36: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/event.py:185:42: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/event.py:186:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/event.py:186:71: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/event.py:189:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/event.py:189:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/event.py:189:39: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/event.py:190:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/event.py:190:68: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/event.py:192:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/event.py:192:36: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/event.py:192:42: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/event.py:193:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/event.py:193:71: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/event.py:195:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/event.py:195:37: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/event.py:195:53: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/event.py:196:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/event.py:196:82: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/event.py:198:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/event.py:198:37: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/event.py:198:57: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/event.py:199:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/event.py:199:86: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/event.py:201:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/event.py:201:36: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/event.py:201:42: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/event.py:202:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/event.py:202:71: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/event.py:205:14: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/event.py:207:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/event.py:207:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/event.py:207:39: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/event.py:208:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/event.py:208:68: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/event.py:210:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/event.py:210:36: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/event.py:210:42: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/event.py:211:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/event.py:211:71: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/event.py:213:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/event.py:213:37: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/event.py:213:53: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/event.py:214:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/event.py:214:82: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/event.py:216:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/event.py:216:36: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/event.py:216:42: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/event.py:217:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/event.py:217:71: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/event.py:225:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/event.py:225:29: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/event.py:225:35: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/event.py:226:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/event.py:226:64: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/event.py:228:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/event.py:228:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/event.py:228:39: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/event.py:229:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/event.py:229:68: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/event.py:231:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/event.py:231:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/event.py:231:52: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/event.py:232:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/event.py:232:81: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/event.py:239:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/event.py:239:29: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/event.py:239:35: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/event.py:240:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/event.py:240:64: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/event.py:242:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/event.py:242:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/event.py:242:39: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/event.py:243:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/event.py:243:68: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/event.py:245:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/event.py:245:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/event.py:245:53: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/event.py:246:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/event.py:246:82: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/event.py:255:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/event.py:255:29: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/event.py:255:35: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/event.py:256:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/event.py:256:64: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/event.py:258:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/event.py:258:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/event.py:258:39: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/event.py:259:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/event.py:259:68: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/event.py:261:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/event.py:261:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/event.py:261:55: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/event.py:262:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/event.py:262:84: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/event.py:269:20: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/event.py:269:25: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/event.py:269:32: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/event.py:271:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/event.py:271:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/event.py:271:39: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/event.py:272:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/event.py:272:68: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/event.py:274:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/event.py:274:36: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/event.py:274:42: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/event.py:275:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/event.py:275:71: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/event.py:277:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/event.py:277:34: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/event.py:277:40: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/event.py:278:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/event.py:278:69: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/event.py:280:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/event.py:280:44: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/event.py:280:50: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/event.py:281:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/event.py:281:79: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/event.py:283:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/event.py:283:38: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/event.py:283:44: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/event.py:284:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/event.py:284:73: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/event.py:286:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/event.py:286:37: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/event.py:286:60: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/event.py:287:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/event.py:287:89: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/event.py:297:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/event.py:297:29: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/event.py:297:35: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/event.py:298:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/event.py:298:64: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/event.py:300:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/event.py:300:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/event.py:300:39: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/event.py:301:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/event.py:301:68: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/event.py:303:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/event.py:303:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/event.py:303:55: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/event.py:304:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/event.py:304:84: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/event.py:315:20: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/event.py:315:30: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/event.py:315:52: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/event.py:317:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/event.py:317:34: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/event.py:317:50: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/event.py:317:64: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/event.py:317:71: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/event.py:318:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/event.py:318:83: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/event.py:320:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/event.py:320:37: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/event.py:320:63: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/event.py:321:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/event.py:321:92: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/event.py:324:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/event.py:324:32: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/event.py:324:49: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/event.py:326:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/event.py:326:40: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/event.py:326:46: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/event.py:327:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/event.py:327:75: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/event.py:329:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/event.py:329:37: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/event.py:329:58: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/event.py:330:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/event.py:330:87: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/event.py:333:14: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/event.py:335:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/event.py:335:34: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/event.py:335:50: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/event.py:335:64: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/event.py:335:71: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/event.py:336:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/event.py:336:83: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/event.py:338:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/event.py:338:37: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/event.py:338:58: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/event.py:339:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/event.py:339:87: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/event.py:353:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/event.py:353:30: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/event.py:353:46: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/event.py:353:54: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/event.py:353:61: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/event.py:354:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/event.py:354:73: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/event.py:360:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/event.py:362:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/event.py:363:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/event.py:365:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/event.py:367:5: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/event.py:370:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/event.py:384:33: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/event.py:386:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/event.py:388:1: E305 expected 2 blank lines after class or function definition, found 1
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/event.py:398:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/event.py:403:1: W391 blank line at end of file
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgdialog.py:6:1: E303 too many blank lines (4)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgdialog.py:7:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgdialog.py:8:1: F401 'sys' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgdialog.py:10:1: F401 'os.path' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgdialog.py:14:5: F401 '__builtin__ as builtin' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgdialog.py:15:1: F401 'os.path.exists' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgdialog.py:15:1: F401 'os.path.getmtime' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgdialog.py:17:1: F401 'types' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgdialog.py:21:1: F403 'from Cheetah.DummyTransaction import *' used; unable to detect undefined names
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgdialog.py:22:1: F401 'Cheetah.NameMapper.NotFound' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgdialog.py:23:1: F401 'Cheetah.CacheRegion.CacheRegion' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgdialog.py:24:1: F401 'Cheetah.Filters' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgdialog.py:25:1: F401 'Cheetah.ErrorCatchers' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgdialog.py:27:1: F401 'Plugins.Extensions.OpenWebif.controllers.i18n.tstrings' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgdialog.py:30:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgdialog.py:31:6: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgdialog.py:32:5: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgdialog.py:33:4: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgdialog.py:34:12: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgdialog.py:45:7: E121 continuation line under-indented for hanging indent
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgdialog.py:46:70: E228 missing whitespace around modulo operator
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgdialog.py:47:10: E121 continuation line under-indented for hanging indent
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgdialog.py:50:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgdialog.py:55:5: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgdialog.py:58:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgdialog.py:64:18: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgdialog.py:65:35: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgdialog.py:67:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgdialog.py:69:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgdialog.py:73:9: E303 too many blank lines (3)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgdialog.py:73:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgdialog.py:75:37: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgdialog.py:77:21: F405 'DummyTransaction' may be undefined, or defined from star imports: Cheetah.DummyTransaction
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgdialog.py:79:13: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgdialog.py:83:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgdialog.py:85:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgdialog.py:86:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgdialog.py:87:24: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgdialog.py:87:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgdialog.py:87:46: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgdialog.py:91:14: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgdialog.py:114:34: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgdialog.py:114:43: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgdialog.py:114:50: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgdialog.py:115:17: F841 local variable 'channel' is assigned to but never used
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgdialog.py:115:39: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgdialog.py:115:53: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgdialog.py:115:59: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgdialog.py:115:69: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgdialog.py:116:17: F841 local variable 'title' is assigned to but never used
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgdialog.py:116:37: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgdialog.py:116:51: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgdialog.py:116:57: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgdialog.py:116:67: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgdialog.py:117:17: F841 local variable 'sref' is assigned to but never used
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgdialog.py:117:38: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgdialog.py:117:51: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgdialog.py:120:30: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgdialog.py:120:37: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgdialog.py:120:43: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgdialog.py:121:34: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgdialog.py:121:72: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgdialog.py:123:30: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgdialog.py:123:54: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgdialog.py:123:60: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgdialog.py:124:34: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgdialog.py:124:89: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgdialog.py:126:30: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgdialog.py:126:47: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgdialog.py:126:53: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgdialog.py:127:34: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgdialog.py:127:82: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgdialog.py:131:30: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgdialog.py:131:44: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgdialog.py:131:50: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgdialog.py:132:34: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgdialog.py:132:79: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgdialog.py:137:30: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgdialog.py:137:44: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgdialog.py:137:50: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgdialog.py:138:34: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgdialog.py:138:79: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgdialog.py:141:36: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgdialog.py:141:44: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgdialog.py:141:51: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgdialog.py:142:43: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgdialog.py:142:56: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgdialog.py:142:85: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgdialog.py:142:98: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgdialog.py:142:129: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgdialog.py:142:142: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgdialog.py:142:174: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgdialog.py:142:187: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgdialog.py:142:194: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgdialog.py:145:26: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgdialog.py:147:38: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgdialog.py:147:59: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgdialog.py:147:65: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgdialog.py:148:42: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgdialog.py:148:94: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgdialog.py:150:38: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgdialog.py:150:49: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgdialog.py:150:55: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgdialog.py:151:42: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgdialog.py:151:84: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgdialog.py:157:30: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgdialog.py:157:43: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgdialog.py:157:49: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgdialog.py:158:34: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgdialog.py:158:78: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgdialog.py:161:30: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgdialog.py:161:44: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgdialog.py:161:50: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgdialog.py:162:34: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgdialog.py:162:79: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgdialog.py:164:30: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgdialog.py:164:44: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgdialog.py:164:50: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgdialog.py:165:34: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgdialog.py:165:79: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgdialog.py:167:30: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgdialog.py:167:42: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgdialog.py:167:48: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgdialog.py:168:34: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgdialog.py:168:77: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgdialog.py:170:30: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgdialog.py:170:47: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgdialog.py:170:53: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgdialog.py:171:34: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgdialog.py:171:82: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgdialog.py:179:30: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgdialog.py:179:37: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgdialog.py:179:43: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgdialog.py:180:34: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgdialog.py:180:72: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgdialog.py:182:30: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgdialog.py:182:41: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgdialog.py:182:47: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgdialog.py:183:34: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgdialog.py:183:76: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgdialog.py:185:30: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgdialog.py:185:41: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgdialog.py:185:60: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgdialog.py:186:34: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgdialog.py:186:89: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgdialog.py:191:30: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgdialog.py:191:37: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgdialog.py:191:43: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgdialog.py:192:34: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgdialog.py:192:72: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgdialog.py:194:30: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgdialog.py:194:41: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgdialog.py:194:47: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgdialog.py:195:34: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgdialog.py:195:76: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgdialog.py:197:30: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgdialog.py:197:41: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgdialog.py:197:63: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgdialog.py:198:34: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgdialog.py:198:92: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgdialog.py:205:30: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgdialog.py:205:37: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgdialog.py:205:43: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgdialog.py:206:34: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgdialog.py:206:72: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgdialog.py:208:30: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgdialog.py:208:41: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgdialog.py:208:47: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgdialog.py:209:34: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgdialog.py:209:76: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgdialog.py:211:30: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgdialog.py:211:41: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgdialog.py:211:61: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgdialog.py:212:34: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgdialog.py:212:90: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgdialog.py:219:30: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgdialog.py:219:48: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgdialog.py:219:54: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgdialog.py:220:34: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgdialog.py:220:83: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgdialog.py:223:30: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgdialog.py:223:47: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgdialog.py:223:53: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgdialog.py:224:34: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgdialog.py:224:82: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgdialog.py:231:30: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgdialog.py:231:37: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgdialog.py:231:43: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgdialog.py:232:34: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgdialog.py:232:72: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgdialog.py:234:30: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgdialog.py:234:41: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgdialog.py:234:47: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgdialog.py:235:34: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgdialog.py:235:76: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgdialog.py:237:30: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgdialog.py:237:41: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgdialog.py:237:63: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgdialog.py:238:34: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgdialog.py:238:92: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgdialog.py:245:28: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgdialog.py:245:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgdialog.py:245:40: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgdialog.py:247:34: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgdialog.py:247:41: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgdialog.py:247:47: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgdialog.py:248:38: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgdialog.py:248:76: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgdialog.py:250:34: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgdialog.py:250:44: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgdialog.py:250:50: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgdialog.py:251:38: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgdialog.py:251:79: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgdialog.py:253:34: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgdialog.py:253:42: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgdialog.py:253:48: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgdialog.py:254:38: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgdialog.py:254:77: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgdialog.py:256:34: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgdialog.py:256:48: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgdialog.py:256:54: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgdialog.py:257:38: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgdialog.py:257:83: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgdialog.py:259:34: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgdialog.py:259:46: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgdialog.py:259:52: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgdialog.py:260:38: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgdialog.py:260:81: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgdialog.py:262:34: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgdialog.py:262:45: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgdialog.py:262:68: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgdialog.py:263:38: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgdialog.py:263:97: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgdialog.py:273:28: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgdialog.py:273:38: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgdialog.py:273:60: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgdialog.py:275:34: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgdialog.py:275:42: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgdialog.py:275:58: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgdialog.py:275:72: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgdialog.py:275:79: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgdialog.py:276:38: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgdialog.py:276:91: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgdialog.py:278:34: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgdialog.py:278:45: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgdialog.py:278:71: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgdialog.py:279:38: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgdialog.py:279:100: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgdialog.py:282:30: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgdialog.py:282:40: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgdialog.py:282:57: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgdialog.py:284:34: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgdialog.py:284:48: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgdialog.py:284:54: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgdialog.py:285:38: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgdialog.py:285:83: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgdialog.py:287:34: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgdialog.py:287:45: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgdialog.py:287:66: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgdialog.py:288:38: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgdialog.py:288:95: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgdialog.py:291:22: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgdialog.py:293:34: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgdialog.py:293:42: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgdialog.py:293:58: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgdialog.py:293:72: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgdialog.py:293:79: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgdialog.py:294:38: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgdialog.py:294:91: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgdialog.py:296:34: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgdialog.py:296:45: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgdialog.py:296:66: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgdialog.py:297:38: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgdialog.py:297:95: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgdialog.py:310:34: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgdialog.py:310:43: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgdialog.py:310:50: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgdialog.py:312:30: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgdialog.py:312:44: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgdialog.py:312:50: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgdialog.py:313:34: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgdialog.py:313:79: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgdialog.py:315:30: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgdialog.py:315:42: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgdialog.py:315:48: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgdialog.py:316:34: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgdialog.py:316:77: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgdialog.py:318:30: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgdialog.py:318:49: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgdialog.py:318:55: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgdialog.py:319:34: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgdialog.py:319:84: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgdialog.py:334:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgdialog.py:336:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgdialog.py:337:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgdialog.py:339:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgdialog.py:341:5: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgdialog.py:344:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgdialog.py:358:37: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgdialog.py:360:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgdialog.py:362:1: E305 expected 2 blank lines after class or function definition, found 1
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgdialog.py:372:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/epgdialog.py:377:1: W391 blank line at end of file
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/edittimer.py:6:1: E303 too many blank lines (4)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/edittimer.py:7:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/edittimer.py:8:1: F401 'sys' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/edittimer.py:10:1: F401 'os.path' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/edittimer.py:14:5: F401 '__builtin__ as builtin' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/edittimer.py:15:1: F401 'os.path.exists' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/edittimer.py:15:1: F401 'os.path.getmtime' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/edittimer.py:17:1: F401 'types' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/edittimer.py:21:1: F403 'from Cheetah.DummyTransaction import *' used; unable to detect undefined names
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/edittimer.py:22:1: F401 'Cheetah.NameMapper.NotFound' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/edittimer.py:23:1: F401 'Cheetah.CacheRegion.CacheRegion' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/edittimer.py:24:1: F401 'Cheetah.Filters' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/edittimer.py:25:1: F401 'Cheetah.ErrorCatchers' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/edittimer.py:26:1: F401 'Plugins.Extensions.OpenWebif.controllers.i18n.tstrings' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/edittimer.py:29:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/edittimer.py:30:6: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/edittimer.py:31:5: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/edittimer.py:32:4: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/edittimer.py:33:12: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/edittimer.py:44:7: E121 continuation line under-indented for hanging indent
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/edittimer.py:45:70: E228 missing whitespace around modulo operator
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/edittimer.py:46:10: E121 continuation line under-indented for hanging indent
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/edittimer.py:49:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/edittimer.py:54:5: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/edittimer.py:57:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/edittimer.py:63:18: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/edittimer.py:64:35: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/edittimer.py:66:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/edittimer.py:68:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/edittimer.py:72:9: E303 too many blank lines (3)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/edittimer.py:72:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/edittimer.py:74:37: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/edittimer.py:76:21: F405 'DummyTransaction' may be undefined, or defined from star imports: Cheetah.DummyTransaction
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/edittimer.py:78:13: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/edittimer.py:82:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/edittimer.py:84:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/edittimer.py:85:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/edittimer.py:103:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/edittimer.py:103:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/edittimer.py:103:50: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/edittimer.py:104:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/edittimer.py:104:79: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/edittimer.py:107:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/edittimer.py:107:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/edittimer.py:107:52: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/edittimer.py:108:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/edittimer.py:108:81: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/edittimer.py:111:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/edittimer.py:111:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/edittimer.py:111:53: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/edittimer.py:112:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/edittimer.py:112:82: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/edittimer.py:115:20: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/edittimer.py:115:29: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/edittimer.py:115:36: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/edittimer.py:118:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/edittimer.py:118:37: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/edittimer.py:118:59: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/edittimer.py:119:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/edittimer.py:119:88: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/edittimer.py:122:14: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/edittimer.py:130:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/edittimer.py:130:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/edittimer.py:130:47: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/edittimer.py:131:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/edittimer.py:131:76: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/edittimer.py:137:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/edittimer.py:137:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/edittimer.py:137:54: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/edittimer.py:138:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/edittimer.py:138:83: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/edittimer.py:144:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/edittimer.py:144:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/edittimer.py:144:50: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/edittimer.py:145:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/edittimer.py:145:79: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/edittimer.py:148:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/edittimer.py:148:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/edittimer.py:148:45: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/edittimer.py:149:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/edittimer.py:149:74: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/edittimer.py:152:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/edittimer.py:152:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/edittimer.py:152:48: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/edittimer.py:153:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/edittimer.py:153:77: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/edittimer.py:159:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/edittimer.py:159:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/edittimer.py:159:50: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/edittimer.py:160:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/edittimer.py:160:79: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/edittimer.py:167:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/edittimer.py:167:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/edittimer.py:167:47: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/edittimer.py:168:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/edittimer.py:168:76: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/edittimer.py:171:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/edittimer.py:171:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/edittimer.py:171:48: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/edittimer.py:172:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/edittimer.py:172:77: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/edittimer.py:175:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/edittimer.py:175:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/edittimer.py:175:46: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/edittimer.py:176:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/edittimer.py:176:75: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/edittimer.py:183:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/edittimer.py:183:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/edittimer.py:183:51: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/edittimer.py:184:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/edittimer.py:184:80: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/edittimer.py:190:29: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/edittimer.py:190:40: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/edittimer.py:190:62: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/edittimer.py:190:73: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/edittimer.py:190:95: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/edittimer.py:190:106: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/edittimer.py:190:128: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/edittimer.py:190:139: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/edittimer.py:190:161: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/edittimer.py:190:172: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/edittimer.py:190:194: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/edittimer.py:190:205: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/edittimer.py:190:227: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/edittimer.py:190:238: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/edittimer.py:190:252: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/edittimer.py:191:13: F841 local variable 'value' is assigned to but never used
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/edittimer.py:191:34: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/edittimer.py:191:38: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/edittimer.py:193:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/edittimer.py:193:30: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/edittimer.py:193:36: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/edittimer.py:194:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/edittimer.py:194:65: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/edittimer.py:196:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/edittimer.py:196:32: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/edittimer.py:196:38: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/edittimer.py:197:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/edittimer.py:197:67: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/edittimer.py:199:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/edittimer.py:199:30: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/edittimer.py:199:36: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/edittimer.py:200:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/edittimer.py:200:65: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/edittimer.py:202:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/edittimer.py:202:34: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/edittimer.py:202:40: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/edittimer.py:203:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/edittimer.py:203:69: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/edittimer.py:206:13: F841 local variable 'i' is assigned to but never used
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/edittimer.py:206:25: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/edittimer.py:206:29: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/edittimer.py:206:35: E226 missing whitespace around arithmetic operator
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/edittimer.py:213:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/edittimer.py:213:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/edittimer.py:213:51: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/edittimer.py:214:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/edittimer.py:214:80: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/edittimer.py:219:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/edittimer.py:219:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/edittimer.py:219:50: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/edittimer.py:220:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/edittimer.py:220:79: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/edittimer.py:228:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/edittimer.py:228:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/edittimer.py:228:54: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/edittimer.py:229:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/edittimer.py:229:83: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/edittimer.py:234:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/edittimer.py:234:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/edittimer.py:234:50: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/edittimer.py:235:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/edittimer.py:235:79: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/edittimer.py:238:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/edittimer.py:238:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/edittimer.py:238:50: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/edittimer.py:239:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/edittimer.py:239:79: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/edittimer.py:242:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/edittimer.py:242:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/edittimer.py:242:51: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/edittimer.py:243:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/edittimer.py:243:80: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/edittimer.py:246:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/edittimer.py:246:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/edittimer.py:246:47: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/edittimer.py:247:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/edittimer.py:247:76: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/edittimer.py:255:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/edittimer.py:255:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/edittimer.py:255:46: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/edittimer.py:256:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/edittimer.py:256:75: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/edittimer.py:262:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/edittimer.py:262:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/edittimer.py:262:52: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/edittimer.py:263:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/edittimer.py:263:81: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/edittimer.py:271:20: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/edittimer.py:271:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/edittimer.py:271:40: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/edittimer.py:276:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/edittimer.py:276:37: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/edittimer.py:276:57: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/edittimer.py:277:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/edittimer.py:277:86: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/edittimer.py:280:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/edittimer.py:280:37: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/edittimer.py:280:62: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/edittimer.py:281:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/edittimer.py:281:91: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/edittimer.py:286:14: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/edittimer.py:293:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/edittimer.py:293:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/edittimer.py:293:47: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/edittimer.py:294:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/edittimer.py:294:76: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/edittimer.py:302:72: W291 trailing whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/edittimer.py:339:71: W291 trailing whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/edittimer.py:502:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/edittimer.py:504:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/edittimer.py:505:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/edittimer.py:507:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/edittimer.py:509:5: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/edittimer.py:512:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/edittimer.py:526:37: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/edittimer.py:528:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/edittimer.py:530:1: E305 expected 2 blank lines after class or function definition, found 1
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/edittimer.py:540:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/edittimer.py:545:1: W391 blank line at end of file
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/tv.py:6:1: E303 too many blank lines (4)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/tv.py:7:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/tv.py:8:1: F401 'sys' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/tv.py:10:1: F401 'os.path' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/tv.py:14:5: F401 '__builtin__ as builtin' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/tv.py:15:1: F401 'os.path.exists' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/tv.py:15:1: F401 'os.path.getmtime' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/tv.py:17:1: F401 'types' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/tv.py:21:1: F403 'from Cheetah.DummyTransaction import *' used; unable to detect undefined names
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/tv.py:22:1: F401 'Cheetah.NameMapper.NotFound' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/tv.py:23:1: F401 'Cheetah.CacheRegion.CacheRegion' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/tv.py:24:1: F401 'Cheetah.Filters' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/tv.py:25:1: F401 'Cheetah.ErrorCatchers' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/tv.py:26:1: F401 'Plugins.Extensions.OpenWebif.controllers.i18n.tstrings' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/tv.py:29:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/tv.py:30:6: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/tv.py:31:5: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/tv.py:32:4: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/tv.py:33:12: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/tv.py:44:7: E121 continuation line under-indented for hanging indent
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/tv.py:45:70: E228 missing whitespace around modulo operator
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/tv.py:46:10: E121 continuation line under-indented for hanging indent
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/tv.py:49:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/tv.py:54:5: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/tv.py:57:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/tv.py:63:18: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/tv.py:64:35: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/tv.py:66:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/tv.py:68:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/tv.py:72:9: E303 too many blank lines (3)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/tv.py:72:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/tv.py:74:37: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/tv.py:76:21: F405 'DummyTransaction' may be undefined, or defined from star imports: Cheetah.DummyTransaction
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/tv.py:78:13: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/tv.py:82:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/tv.py:84:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/tv.py:85:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/tv.py:89:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/tv.py:89:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/tv.py:89:50: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/tv.py:90:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/tv.py:90:79: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/tv.py:93:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/tv.py:93:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/tv.py:93:51: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/tv.py:94:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/tv.py:94:80: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/tv.py:97:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/tv.py:97:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/tv.py:97:52: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/tv.py:98:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/tv.py:98:81: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/tv.py:101:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/tv.py:101:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/tv.py:101:53: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/tv.py:102:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/tv.py:102:82: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/tv.py:105:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/tv.py:105:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/tv.py:105:55: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/tv.py:106:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/tv.py:106:84: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/tv.py:109:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/tv.py:109:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/tv.py:109:46: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/tv.py:110:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/tv.py:110:75: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/tv.py:120:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/tv.py:122:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/tv.py:123:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/tv.py:125:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/tv.py:127:5: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/tv.py:130:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/tv.py:144:30: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/tv.py:146:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/tv.py:148:1: E305 expected 2 blank lines after class or function definition, found 1
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/tv.py:158:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/tv.py:163:1: W391 blank line at end of file
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/settings.py:6:1: E303 too many blank lines (4)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/settings.py:7:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/settings.py:8:1: F401 'sys' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/settings.py:10:1: F401 'os.path' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/settings.py:14:5: F401 '__builtin__ as builtin' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/settings.py:15:1: F401 'os.path.exists' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/settings.py:15:1: F401 'os.path.getmtime' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/settings.py:17:1: F401 'types' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/settings.py:21:1: F403 'from Cheetah.DummyTransaction import *' used; unable to detect undefined names
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/settings.py:22:1: F401 'Cheetah.NameMapper.NotFound' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/settings.py:23:1: F401 'Cheetah.CacheRegion.CacheRegion' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/settings.py:24:1: F401 'Cheetah.Filters' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/settings.py:25:1: F401 'Cheetah.ErrorCatchers' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/settings.py:26:1: F401 'Plugins.Extensions.OpenWebif.controllers.i18n.tstrings' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/settings.py:29:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/settings.py:30:6: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/settings.py:31:5: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/settings.py:32:4: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/settings.py:33:12: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/settings.py:44:7: E121 continuation line under-indented for hanging indent
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/settings.py:45:70: E228 missing whitespace around modulo operator
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/settings.py:46:10: E121 continuation line under-indented for hanging indent
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/settings.py:49:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/settings.py:54:5: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/settings.py:57:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/settings.py:63:18: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/settings.py:64:35: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/settings.py:66:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/settings.py:68:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/settings.py:72:9: E303 too many blank lines (3)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/settings.py:72:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/settings.py:74:37: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/settings.py:76:21: F405 'DummyTransaction' may be undefined, or defined from star imports: Cheetah.DummyTransaction
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/settings.py:78:13: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/settings.py:82:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/settings.py:84:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/settings.py:85:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/settings.py:102:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/settings.py:102:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/settings.py:102:51: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/settings.py:103:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/settings.py:103:80: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/settings.py:107:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/settings.py:107:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/settings.py:107:59: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/settings.py:108:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/settings.py:108:88: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/settings.py:111:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/settings.py:111:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/settings.py:111:52: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/settings.py:112:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/settings.py:112:81: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/settings.py:115:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/settings.py:115:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/settings.py:115:51: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/settings.py:116:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/settings.py:116:80: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/settings.py:119:28: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/settings.py:119:45: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/settings.py:119:52: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/settings.py:121:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/settings.py:121:32: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/settings.py:121:45: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/settings.py:122:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/settings.py:122:74: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/settings.py:124:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/settings.py:124:32: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/settings.py:124:45: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/settings.py:125:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/settings.py:125:74: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/settings.py:127:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/settings.py:127:32: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/settings.py:127:53: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/settings.py:128:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/settings.py:128:82: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/settings.py:141:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/settings.py:141:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/settings.py:141:67: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/settings.py:142:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/settings.py:142:96: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/settings.py:146:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/settings.py:146:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/settings.py:146:53: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/settings.py:147:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/settings.py:147:82: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/settings.py:151:31: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/settings.py:151:40: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/settings.py:151:47: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/settings.py:152:24: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/settings.py:152:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/settings.py:152:51: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/settings.py:152:59: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/settings.py:152:66: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/settings.py:154:30: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/settings.py:154:39: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/settings.py:154:45: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/settings.py:155:34: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/settings.py:155:74: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/settings.py:158:18: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/settings.py:160:30: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/settings.py:160:39: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/settings.py:160:45: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/settings.py:161:34: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/settings.py:161:74: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/settings.py:167:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/settings.py:167:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/settings.py:167:58: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/settings.py:168:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/settings.py:168:87: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/settings.py:171:20: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/settings.py:171:32: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/settings.py:171:39: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/settings.py:174:14: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/settings.py:179:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/settings.py:179:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/settings.py:179:54: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/settings.py:180:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/settings.py:180:83: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/settings.py:183:20: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/settings.py:183:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/settings.py:183:40: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/settings.py:186:14: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/settings.py:191:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/settings.py:191:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/settings.py:191:71: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/settings.py:192:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/settings.py:192:100: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/settings.py:195:20: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/settings.py:195:41: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/settings.py:195:48: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/settings.py:198:14: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/settings.py:203:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/settings.py:203:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/settings.py:203:74: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/settings.py:204:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/settings.py:204:103: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/settings.py:207:20: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/settings.py:207:50: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/settings.py:207:57: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/settings.py:210:14: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/settings.py:215:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/settings.py:215:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/settings.py:215:75: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/settings.py:216:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/settings.py:216:104: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/settings.py:219:20: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/settings.py:219:44: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/settings.py:219:51: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/settings.py:222:14: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/settings.py:227:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/settings.py:227:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/settings.py:227:55: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/settings.py:228:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/settings.py:228:84: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/settings.py:232:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/settings.py:232:44: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/settings.py:232:51: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/settings.py:233:24: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/settings.py:233:35: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/settings.py:233:53: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/settings.py:233:63: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/settings.py:233:70: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/settings.py:235:30: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/settings.py:235:41: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/settings.py:235:47: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/settings.py:236:34: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/settings.py:236:76: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/settings.py:239:18: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/settings.py:241:30: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/settings.py:241:41: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/settings.py:241:47: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/settings.py:242:34: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/settings.py:242:76: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/settings.py:248:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/settings.py:248:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/settings.py:248:55: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/settings.py:249:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/settings.py:249:84: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/settings.py:271:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/settings.py:271:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/settings.py:271:57: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/settings.py:272:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/settings.py:272:86: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/settings.py:284:20: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/settings.py:284:29: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/settings.py:284:67: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/settings.py:286:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/settings.py:286:37: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/settings.py:286:64: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/settings.py:287:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/settings.py:287:93: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/settings.py:290:24: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/settings.py:290:43: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/settings.py:290:50: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/settings.py:293:18: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/settings.py:304:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/settings.py:304:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/settings.py:304:51: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/settings.py:305:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/settings.py:305:80: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/settings.py:310:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/settings.py:310:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/settings.py:310:49: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/settings.py:311:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/settings.py:311:78: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/settings.py:314:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/settings.py:314:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/settings.py:314:52: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/settings.py:315:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/settings.py:315:81: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/settings.py:318:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/settings.py:318:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/settings.py:318:46: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/settings.py:319:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/settings.py:319:75: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/settings.py:322:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/settings.py:322:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/settings.py:322:47: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/settings.py:323:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/settings.py:323:76: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/settings.py:328:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/settings.py:328:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/settings.py:328:54: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/settings.py:329:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/settings.py:329:83: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/settings.py:337:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/settings.py:337:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/settings.py:337:54: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/settings.py:338:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/settings.py:338:83: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/settings.py:342:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/settings.py:342:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/settings.py:342:59: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/settings.py:343:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/settings.py:343:88: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/settings.py:348:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/settings.py:348:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/settings.py:348:60: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/settings.py:349:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/settings.py:349:89: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/settings.py:353:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/settings.py:353:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/settings.py:353:57: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/settings.py:354:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/settings.py:354:86: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/settings.py:374:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/settings.py:374:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/settings.py:374:52: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/settings.py:375:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/settings.py:375:81: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/settings.py:379:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/settings.py:379:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/settings.py:379:51: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/settings.py:380:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/settings.py:380:80: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/settings.py:383:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/settings.py:383:45: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/settings.py:383:52: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/settings.py:385:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/settings.py:385:37: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/settings.py:385:43: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/settings.py:386:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/settings.py:386:72: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/settings.py:388:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/settings.py:388:37: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/settings.py:388:43: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/settings.py:389:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/settings.py:389:72: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/settings.py:402:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/settings.py:402:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/settings.py:402:58: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/settings.py:403:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/settings.py:403:87: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/settings.py:406:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/settings.py:406:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/settings.py:406:57: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/settings.py:407:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/settings.py:407:86: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/settings.py:410:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/settings.py:410:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/settings.py:410:57: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/settings.py:411:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/settings.py:411:86: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/settings.py:414:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/settings.py:414:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/settings.py:414:57: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/settings.py:415:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/settings.py:415:86: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/settings.py:418:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/settings.py:418:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/settings.py:418:58: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/settings.py:419:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/settings.py:419:87: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/settings.py:477:25: W291 trailing whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/settings.py:803:39: W291 trailing whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/settings.py:823:20: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/settings.py:823:37: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/settings.py:823:44: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/settings.py:826:14: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/settings.py:834:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/settings.py:836:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/settings.py:837:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/settings.py:839:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/settings.py:841:5: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/settings.py:844:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/settings.py:858:36: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/settings.py:860:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/settings.py:862:1: E305 expected 2 blank lines after class or function definition, found 1
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/settings.py:872:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/settings.py:877:1: W391 blank line at end of file
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/bouquets.py:6:1: E303 too many blank lines (4)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/bouquets.py:7:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/bouquets.py:8:1: F401 'sys' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/bouquets.py:10:1: F401 'os.path' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/bouquets.py:14:5: F401 '__builtin__ as builtin' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/bouquets.py:15:1: F401 'os.path.exists' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/bouquets.py:15:1: F401 'os.path.getmtime' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/bouquets.py:17:1: F401 'types' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/bouquets.py:21:1: F403 'from Cheetah.DummyTransaction import *' used; unable to detect undefined names
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/bouquets.py:22:1: F401 'Cheetah.NameMapper.NotFound' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/bouquets.py:23:1: F401 'Cheetah.CacheRegion.CacheRegion' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/bouquets.py:24:1: F401 'Cheetah.Filters' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/bouquets.py:25:1: F401 'Cheetah.ErrorCatchers' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/bouquets.py:26:1: F401 'six.moves.urllib.parse.quote' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/bouquets.py:27:1: F401 'Plugins.Extensions.OpenWebif.controllers.i18n.tstrings' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/bouquets.py:30:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/bouquets.py:31:6: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/bouquets.py:32:5: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/bouquets.py:33:4: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/bouquets.py:34:12: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/bouquets.py:45:7: E121 continuation line under-indented for hanging indent
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/bouquets.py:46:70: E228 missing whitespace around modulo operator
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/bouquets.py:47:10: E121 continuation line under-indented for hanging indent
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/bouquets.py:50:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/bouquets.py:55:5: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/bouquets.py:58:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/bouquets.py:64:18: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/bouquets.py:65:35: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/bouquets.py:67:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/bouquets.py:69:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/bouquets.py:73:9: E303 too many blank lines (3)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/bouquets.py:73:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/bouquets.py:75:37: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/bouquets.py:77:21: F405 'DummyTransaction' may be undefined, or defined from star imports: Cheetah.DummyTransaction
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/bouquets.py:79:13: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/bouquets.py:83:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/bouquets.py:85:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/bouquets.py:86:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/bouquets.py:96:32: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/bouquets.py:96:43: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/bouquets.py:96:50: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/bouquets.py:100:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/bouquets.py:100:34: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/bouquets.py:100:50: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/bouquets.py:100:60: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/bouquets.py:100:70: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/bouquets.py:101:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/bouquets.py:101:82: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/bouquets.py:103:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/bouquets.py:103:34: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/bouquets.py:103:50: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/bouquets.py:103:60: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/bouquets.py:103:70: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/bouquets.py:104:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/bouquets.py:104:82: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/bouquets.py:106:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/bouquets.py:106:37: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/bouquets.py:106:64: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/bouquets.py:107:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/bouquets.py:107:93: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/bouquets.py:109:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/bouquets.py:109:36: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/bouquets.py:109:45: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/bouquets.py:110:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/bouquets.py:110:74: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/bouquets.py:113:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/bouquets.py:113:34: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/bouquets.py:113:50: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/bouquets.py:113:60: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/bouquets.py:113:70: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/bouquets.py:114:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/bouquets.py:114:82: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/bouquets.py:116:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/bouquets.py:116:34: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/bouquets.py:116:40: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/bouquets.py:117:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/bouquets.py:117:69: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/bouquets.py:119:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/bouquets.py:119:36: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/bouquets.py:119:45: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/bouquets.py:120:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/bouquets.py:120:74: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/bouquets.py:123:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/bouquets.py:123:37: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/bouquets.py:123:54: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/bouquets.py:124:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/bouquets.py:124:83: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/bouquets.py:129:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/bouquets.py:131:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/bouquets.py:132:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/bouquets.py:134:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/bouquets.py:136:5: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/bouquets.py:139:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/bouquets.py:153:36: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/bouquets.py:155:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/bouquets.py:157:1: E305 expected 2 blank lines after class or function definition, found 1
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/bouquets.py:167:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/bouquets.py:172:1: W391 blank line at end of file
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/webtv.py:6:1: E303 too many blank lines (4)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/webtv.py:7:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/webtv.py:8:1: F401 'sys' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/webtv.py:10:1: F401 'os.path' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/webtv.py:14:5: F401 '__builtin__ as builtin' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/webtv.py:15:1: F401 'os.path.exists' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/webtv.py:15:1: F401 'os.path.getmtime' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/webtv.py:17:1: F401 'types' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/webtv.py:21:1: F403 'from Cheetah.DummyTransaction import *' used; unable to detect undefined names
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/webtv.py:22:1: F401 'Cheetah.NameMapper.NotFound' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/webtv.py:23:1: F401 'Cheetah.CacheRegion.CacheRegion' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/webtv.py:24:1: F401 'Cheetah.Filters' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/webtv.py:25:1: F401 'Cheetah.ErrorCatchers' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/webtv.py:26:1: F401 'Plugins.Extensions.OpenWebif.controllers.i18n.tstrings' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/webtv.py:29:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/webtv.py:30:6: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/webtv.py:31:5: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/webtv.py:32:4: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/webtv.py:33:12: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/webtv.py:44:7: E121 continuation line under-indented for hanging indent
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/webtv.py:45:70: E228 missing whitespace around modulo operator
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/webtv.py:46:10: E121 continuation line under-indented for hanging indent
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/webtv.py:49:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/webtv.py:54:5: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/webtv.py:57:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/webtv.py:63:18: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/webtv.py:64:35: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/webtv.py:66:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/webtv.py:68:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/webtv.py:72:9: E303 too many blank lines (3)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/webtv.py:72:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/webtv.py:74:37: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/webtv.py:76:21: F405 'DummyTransaction' may be undefined, or defined from star imports: Cheetah.DummyTransaction
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/webtv.py:78:13: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/webtv.py:82:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/webtv.py:84:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/webtv.py:85:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/webtv.py:88:34: W601 .has_key() is deprecated, use 'in'
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/webtv.py:92:1: E101 indentation contains mixed spaces and tabs
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/webtv.py:92:4: E126 continuation line over-indented for hanging indent
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/webtv.py:108:20: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/webtv.py:108:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/webtv.py:108:40: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/webtv.py:137:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/webtv.py:137:40: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/webtv.py:137:46: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/webtv.py:138:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/webtv.py:138:75: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/webtv.py:149:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/webtv.py:149:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/webtv.py:149:51: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/webtv.py:150:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/webtv.py:150:80: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/webtv.py:153:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/webtv.py:153:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/webtv.py:153:49: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/webtv.py:154:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/webtv.py:154:78: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/webtv.py:163:9: F841 local variable 'da' is assigned to but never used
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/webtv.py:163:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/webtv.py:163:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/webtv.py:164:9: F841 local variable 'na' is assigned to but never used
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/webtv.py:164:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/webtv.py:164:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/webtv.py:165:9: F841 local variable 'sortnames' is assigned to but never used
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/webtv.py:165:30: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/webtv.py:165:35: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/webtv.py:165:41: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/webtv.py:165:50: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/webtv.py:165:55: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/webtv.py:165:61: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/webtv.py:165:70: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/webtv.py:165:75: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/webtv.py:165:81: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/webtv.py:165:90: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/webtv.py:165:95: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/webtv.py:166:9: F841 local variable 'sorttypes' is assigned to but never used
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/webtv.py:166:28: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/webtv.py:166:36: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/webtv.py:166:43: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/webtv.py:167:9: F841 local variable 'sortimg' is assigned to but never used
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/webtv.py:167:39: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/webtv.py:167:60: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/webtv.py:167:82: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/webtv.py:168:30: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/webtv.py:168:42: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/webtv.py:168:49: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/webtv.py:170:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/webtv.py:170:38: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/webtv.py:170:53: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/webtv.py:170:61: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/webtv.py:170:68: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/webtv.py:171:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/webtv.py:171:81: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/webtv.py:173:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/webtv.py:173:36: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/webtv.py:173:51: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/webtv.py:173:59: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/webtv.py:173:66: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/webtv.py:174:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/webtv.py:174:79: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/webtv.py:176:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/webtv.py:176:34: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/webtv.py:176:40: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/webtv.py:177:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/webtv.py:177:69: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/webtv.py:189:20: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/webtv.py:189:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/webtv.py:189:40: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/webtv.py:195:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/webtv.py:195:35: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/webtv.py:195:41: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/webtv.py:196:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/webtv.py:196:70: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/webtv.py:198:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/webtv.py:198:29: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/webtv.py:198:35: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/webtv.py:199:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/webtv.py:199:64: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/webtv.py:201:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/webtv.py:201:39: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/webtv.py:201:45: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/webtv.py:202:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/webtv.py:202:74: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/webtv.py:207:20: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/webtv.py:207:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/webtv.py:207:40: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/webtv.py:214:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/webtv.py:216:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/webtv.py:217:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/webtv.py:219:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/webtv.py:221:5: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/webtv.py:224:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/webtv.py:238:33: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/webtv.py:240:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/webtv.py:242:1: E305 expected 2 blank lines after class or function definition, found 1
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/webtv.py:252:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/ajax/webtv.py:257:1: W391 blank line at end of file
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/movies.py:6:1: E303 too many blank lines (4)
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/movies.py:7:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/movies.py:8:1: F401 'sys' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/movies.py:10:1: F401 'os.path' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/movies.py:14:5: F401 '__builtin__ as builtin' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/movies.py:15:1: F401 'os.path.exists' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/movies.py:15:1: F401 'os.path.getmtime' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/movies.py:17:1: F401 'types' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/movies.py:21:1: F403 'from Cheetah.DummyTransaction import *' used; unable to detect undefined names
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/movies.py:22:1: F401 'Cheetah.NameMapper.NotFound' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/movies.py:23:1: F401 'Cheetah.CacheRegion.CacheRegion' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/movies.py:24:1: F401 'Cheetah.Filters' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/movies.py:25:1: F401 'Cheetah.ErrorCatchers' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/movies.py:26:1: F401 'six.moves.urllib.parse.quote' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/movies.py:27:1: F401 'Plugins.Extensions.OpenWebif.controllers.i18n.tstrings' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/movies.py:30:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/movies.py:31:6: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/movies.py:32:5: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/movies.py:33:4: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/movies.py:34:12: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/movies.py:45:7: E121 continuation line under-indented for hanging indent
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/movies.py:46:70: E228 missing whitespace around modulo operator
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/movies.py:47:10: E121 continuation line under-indented for hanging indent
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/movies.py:50:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/movies.py:55:5: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/movies.py:58:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/movies.py:64:18: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/movies.py:65:35: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/movies.py:67:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/movies.py:69:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/movies.py:73:9: E303 too many blank lines (3)
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/movies.py:73:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/movies.py:75:37: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/movies.py:77:21: F405 'DummyTransaction' may be undefined, or defined from star imports: Cheetah.DummyTransaction
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/movies.py:79:13: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/movies.py:83:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/movies.py:85:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/movies.py:86:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/movies.py:91:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/movies.py:91:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/movies.py:91:47: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/movies.py:92:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/movies.py:92:76: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/movies.py:96:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/movies.py:96:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/movies.py:96:49: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/movies.py:97:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/movies.py:97:78: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/movies.py:103:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/movies.py:103:34: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/movies.py:103:40: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/movies.py:104:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/movies.py:104:69: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/movies.py:106:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/movies.py:106:34: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/movies.py:106:40: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/movies.py:107:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/movies.py:107:69: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/movies.py:110:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/movies.py:110:45: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/movies.py:110:52: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/movies.py:112:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/movies.py:112:38: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/movies.py:112:44: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/movies.py:113:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/movies.py:113:73: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/movies.py:114:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/movies.py:114:37: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/movies.py:114:43: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/movies.py:115:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/movies.py:115:72: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/movies.py:117:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/movies.py:117:37: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/movies.py:117:43: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/movies.py:118:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/movies.py:118:72: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/movies.py:126:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/movies.py:126:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/movies.py:126:49: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/movies.py:127:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/movies.py:127:78: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/movies.py:130:30: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/movies.py:130:39: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/movies.py:130:46: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/movies.py:133:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/movies.py:133:34: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/movies.py:133:50: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/movies.py:133:69: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/movies.py:133:76: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/movies.py:134:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/movies.py:134:88: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/movies.py:136:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/movies.py:136:34: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/movies.py:136:50: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/movies.py:136:67: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/movies.py:136:74: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/movies.py:137:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/movies.py:137:86: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/movies.py:140:24: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/movies.py:140:42: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/movies.py:140:55: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/movies.py:142:30: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/movies.py:142:48: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/movies.py:142:54: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/movies.py:143:34: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/movies.py:143:83: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/movies.py:146:18: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/movies.py:148:30: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/movies.py:148:47: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/movies.py:148:53: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/movies.py:149:34: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/movies.py:149:82: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/movies.py:161:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/movies.py:161:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/movies.py:161:62: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/movies.py:162:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/movies.py:162:91: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/movies.py:170:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/movies.py:170:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/movies.py:170:51: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/movies.py:171:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/movies.py:171:80: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/movies.py:174:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/movies.py:174:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/movies.py:174:49: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/movies.py:175:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/movies.py:175:78: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/movies.py:178:20: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/movies.py:178:34: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/movies.py:178:41: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/movies.py:180:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/movies.py:180:37: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/movies.py:180:53: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/movies.py:181:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/movies.py:181:82: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/movies.py:183:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/movies.py:183:37: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/movies.py:183:57: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/movies.py:184:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/movies.py:184:86: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/movies.py:215:30: W291 trailing whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/movies.py:222:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/movies.py:224:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/movies.py:225:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/movies.py:227:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/movies.py:229:5: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/movies.py:232:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/movies.py:246:34: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/movies.py:248:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/movies.py:250:1: E305 expected 2 blank lines after class or function definition, found 1
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/movies.py:260:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/movies.py:265:1: W391 blank line at end of file
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/eventview.py:6:1: E303 too many blank lines (4)
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/eventview.py:7:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/eventview.py:8:1: F401 'sys' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/eventview.py:10:1: F401 'os.path' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/eventview.py:14:5: F401 '__builtin__ as builtin' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/eventview.py:15:1: F401 'os.path.exists' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/eventview.py:15:1: F401 'os.path.getmtime' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/eventview.py:17:1: F401 'types' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/eventview.py:21:1: F403 'from Cheetah.DummyTransaction import *' used; unable to detect undefined names
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/eventview.py:22:1: F401 'Cheetah.NameMapper.NotFound' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/eventview.py:23:1: F401 'Cheetah.CacheRegion.CacheRegion' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/eventview.py:24:1: F401 'Cheetah.Filters' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/eventview.py:25:1: F401 'Cheetah.ErrorCatchers' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/eventview.py:27:1: F401 'Plugins.Extensions.OpenWebif.controllers.i18n.tstrings' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/eventview.py:30:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/eventview.py:31:6: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/eventview.py:32:5: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/eventview.py:33:4: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/eventview.py:34:12: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/eventview.py:45:7: E121 continuation line under-indented for hanging indent
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/eventview.py:46:70: E228 missing whitespace around modulo operator
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/eventview.py:47:10: E121 continuation line under-indented for hanging indent
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/eventview.py:50:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/eventview.py:55:5: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/eventview.py:58:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/eventview.py:64:18: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/eventview.py:65:35: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/eventview.py:67:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/eventview.py:69:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/eventview.py:73:9: E303 too many blank lines (3)
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/eventview.py:73:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/eventview.py:75:37: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/eventview.py:77:21: F405 'DummyTransaction' may be undefined, or defined from star imports: Cheetah.DummyTransaction
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/eventview.py:79:13: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/eventview.py:83:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/eventview.py:85:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/eventview.py:86:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/eventview.py:91:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/eventview.py:91:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/eventview.py:91:47: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/eventview.py:92:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/eventview.py:92:76: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/eventview.py:96:9: F841 local variable 'sref' is assigned to but never used
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/eventview.py:96:30: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/eventview.py:96:43: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/eventview.py:98:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/eventview.py:98:29: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/eventview.py:98:35: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/eventview.py:99:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/eventview.py:99:64: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/eventview.py:101:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/eventview.py:101:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/eventview.py:101:39: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/eventview.py:102:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/eventview.py:102:68: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/eventview.py:104:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/eventview.py:104:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/eventview.py:104:52: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/eventview.py:105:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/eventview.py:105:81: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/eventview.py:112:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/eventview.py:112:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/eventview.py:112:50: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/eventview.py:113:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/eventview.py:113:79: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/eventview.py:118:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/eventview.py:118:30: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/eventview.py:118:45: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/eventview.py:119:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/eventview.py:119:74: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/eventview.py:123:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/eventview.py:123:30: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/eventview.py:123:47: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/eventview.py:124:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/eventview.py:124:76: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/eventview.py:127:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/eventview.py:127:30: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/eventview.py:127:45: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/eventview.py:128:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/eventview.py:128:74: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/eventview.py:131:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/eventview.py:131:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/eventview.py:131:94: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/eventview.py:131:102: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/eventview.py:131:122: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/eventview.py:132:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/eventview.py:132:137: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/eventview.py:134:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/eventview.py:134:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/eventview.py:134:39: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/eventview.py:134:50: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/eventview.py:134:93: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/eventview.py:134:101: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/eventview.py:134:118: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/eventview.py:135:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/eventview.py:135:120: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/eventview.py:137:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/eventview.py:137:30: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/eventview.py:137:45: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/eventview.py:138:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/eventview.py:138:74: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/eventview.py:140:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/eventview.py:140:30: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/eventview.py:140:43: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/eventview.py:141:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/eventview.py:141:72: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/eventview.py:143:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/eventview.py:143:30: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/eventview.py:143:48: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/eventview.py:144:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/eventview.py:144:77: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/eventview.py:150:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/eventview.py:150:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/eventview.py:150:54: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/eventview.py:151:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/eventview.py:151:83: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/eventview.py:156:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/eventview.py:156:30: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/eventview.py:156:49: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/eventview.py:157:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/eventview.py:157:78: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/eventview.py:162:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/eventview.py:162:30: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/eventview.py:162:48: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/eventview.py:163:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/eventview.py:163:77: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/eventview.py:168:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/eventview.py:168:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/eventview.py:168:53: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/eventview.py:169:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/eventview.py:169:82: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/eventview.py:175:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/eventview.py:175:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/eventview.py:175:62: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/eventview.py:176:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/eventview.py:176:91: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/eventview.py:193:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/eventview.py:193:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/eventview.py:193:59: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/eventview.py:194:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/eventview.py:194:88: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/eventview.py:205:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/eventview.py:207:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/eventview.py:208:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/eventview.py:210:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/eventview.py:212:5: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/eventview.py:215:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/eventview.py:229:37: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/eventview.py:231:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/eventview.py:233:1: E305 expected 2 blank lines after class or function definition, found 1
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/eventview.py:243:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/eventview.py:248:1: W391 blank line at end of file
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/about.py:6:1: E303 too many blank lines (4)
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/about.py:7:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/about.py:8:1: F401 'sys' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/about.py:10:1: F401 'os.path' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/about.py:14:5: F401 '__builtin__ as builtin' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/about.py:15:1: F401 'os.path.exists' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/about.py:15:1: F401 'os.path.getmtime' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/about.py:17:1: F401 'types' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/about.py:21:1: F403 'from Cheetah.DummyTransaction import *' used; unable to detect undefined names
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/about.py:22:1: F401 'Cheetah.NameMapper.NotFound' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/about.py:23:1: F401 'Cheetah.CacheRegion.CacheRegion' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/about.py:24:1: F401 'Cheetah.Filters' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/about.py:25:1: F401 'Cheetah.ErrorCatchers' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/about.py:26:1: F401 'Plugins.Extensions.OpenWebif.controllers.i18n.tstrings' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/about.py:29:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/about.py:30:6: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/about.py:31:5: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/about.py:32:4: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/about.py:33:12: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/about.py:44:7: E121 continuation line under-indented for hanging indent
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/about.py:45:70: E228 missing whitespace around modulo operator
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/about.py:46:10: E121 continuation line under-indented for hanging indent
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/about.py:49:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/about.py:54:5: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/about.py:57:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/about.py:63:18: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/about.py:64:35: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/about.py:66:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/about.py:68:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/about.py:72:9: E303 too many blank lines (3)
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/about.py:72:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/about.py:74:37: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/about.py:76:21: F405 'DummyTransaction' may be undefined, or defined from star imports: Cheetah.DummyTransaction
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/about.py:78:13: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/about.py:82:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/about.py:84:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/about.py:85:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/about.py:90:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/about.py:90:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/about.py:90:47: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/about.py:91:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/about.py:91:76: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/about.py:98:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/about.py:98:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/about.py:98:59: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/about.py:99:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/about.py:99:88: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/about.py:102:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/about.py:102:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/about.py:102:54: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/about.py:103:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/about.py:103:83: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/about.py:107:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/about.py:107:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/about.py:107:50: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/about.py:108:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/about.py:108:79: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/about.py:117:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/about.py:117:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/about.py:117:50: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/about.py:118:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/about.py:118:79: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/about.py:125:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/about.py:125:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/about.py:125:58: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/about.py:126:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/about.py:126:87: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/about.py:156:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/about.py:156:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/about.py:156:50: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/about.py:157:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/about.py:157:79: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/about.py:161:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/about.py:161:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/about.py:161:55: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/about.py:162:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/about.py:162:84: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/about.py:170:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/about.py:170:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/about.py:170:62: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/about.py:171:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/about.py:171:91: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/about.py:179:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/about.py:181:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/about.py:182:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/about.py:184:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/about.py:186:5: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/about.py:189:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/about.py:203:33: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/about.py:205:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/about.py:207:1: E305 expected 2 blank lines after class or function definition, found 1
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/about.py:217:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/about.py:222:1: W391 blank line at end of file
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/timerlist.py:6:1: E303 too many blank lines (4)
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/timerlist.py:7:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/timerlist.py:8:1: F401 'sys' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/timerlist.py:10:1: F401 'os.path' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/timerlist.py:14:5: F401 '__builtin__ as builtin' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/timerlist.py:15:1: F401 'os.path.exists' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/timerlist.py:15:1: F401 'os.path.getmtime' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/timerlist.py:17:1: F401 'types' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/timerlist.py:21:1: F403 'from Cheetah.DummyTransaction import *' used; unable to detect undefined names
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/timerlist.py:22:1: F401 'Cheetah.NameMapper.NotFound' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/timerlist.py:23:1: F401 'Cheetah.CacheRegion.CacheRegion' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/timerlist.py:24:1: F401 'Cheetah.Filters' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/timerlist.py:25:1: F401 'Cheetah.ErrorCatchers' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/timerlist.py:27:1: F401 'json.dumps' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/timerlist.py:28:1: F401 'Plugins.Extensions.OpenWebif.controllers.i18n.tstrings' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/timerlist.py:32:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/timerlist.py:33:6: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/timerlist.py:34:5: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/timerlist.py:35:4: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/timerlist.py:36:12: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/timerlist.py:47:7: E121 continuation line under-indented for hanging indent
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/timerlist.py:48:70: E228 missing whitespace around modulo operator
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/timerlist.py:49:10: E121 continuation line under-indented for hanging indent
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/timerlist.py:52:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/timerlist.py:57:5: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/timerlist.py:60:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/timerlist.py:66:18: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/timerlist.py:67:35: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/timerlist.py:69:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/timerlist.py:71:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/timerlist.py:75:9: E303 too many blank lines (3)
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/timerlist.py:75:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/timerlist.py:77:37: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/timerlist.py:79:21: F405 'DummyTransaction' may be undefined, or defined from star imports: Cheetah.DummyTransaction
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/timerlist.py:81:13: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/timerlist.py:85:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/timerlist.py:87:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/timerlist.py:88:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/timerlist.py:93:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/timerlist.py:93:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/timerlist.py:93:47: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/timerlist.py:94:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/timerlist.py:94:76: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/timerlist.py:103:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/timerlist.py:103:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/timerlist.py:103:53: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/timerlist.py:104:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/timerlist.py:104:82: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/timerlist.py:109:30: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/timerlist.py:109:39: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/timerlist.py:109:46: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/timerlist.py:110:13: F841 local variable 'duration' is assigned to but never used
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/timerlist.py:110:32: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/timerlist.py:110:49: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/timerlist.py:110:55: E226 missing whitespace around arithmetic operator
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/timerlist.py:111:13: F841 local variable 'starttime' is assigned to but never used
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/timerlist.py:111:65: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/timerlist.py:111:79: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/timerlist.py:112:13: F841 local variable 'startdate' is assigned to but never used
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/timerlist.py:112:65: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/timerlist.py:112:79: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/timerlist.py:113:13: F841 local variable 'endtime' is assigned to but never used
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/timerlist.py:113:63: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/timerlist.py:113:75: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/timerlist.py:114:24: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/timerlist.py:114:36: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/timerlist.py:114:54: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/timerlist.py:114:69: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/timerlist.py:114:76: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/timerlist.py:115:28: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/timerlist.py:115:43: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/timerlist.py:115:56: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/timerlist.py:120:22: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/timerlist.py:124:30: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/timerlist.py:124:42: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/timerlist.py:124:48: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/timerlist.py:125:34: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/timerlist.py:125:77: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/timerlist.py:128:17: F841 local variable 'oldstartdate' is assigned to but never used
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/timerlist.py:128:40: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/timerlist.py:128:52: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/timerlist.py:133:13: F841 local variable 'sref' is assigned to but never used
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/timerlist.py:133:34: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/timerlist.py:133:53: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/timerlist.py:134:13: F841 local variable 'name' is assigned to but never used
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/timerlist.py:134:34: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/timerlist.py:134:47: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/timerlist.py:134:95: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/timerlist.py:137:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/timerlist.py:137:39: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/timerlist.py:137:45: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/timerlist.py:138:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/timerlist.py:138:74: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/timerlist.py:141:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/timerlist.py:141:46: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/timerlist.py:141:52: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/timerlist.py:142:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/timerlist.py:142:81: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/timerlist.py:144:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/timerlist.py:144:38: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/timerlist.py:144:44: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/timerlist.py:145:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/timerlist.py:145:73: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/timerlist.py:147:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/timerlist.py:147:36: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/timerlist.py:147:42: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/timerlist.py:148:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/timerlist.py:148:71: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/timerlist.py:150:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/timerlist.py:150:37: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/timerlist.py:150:43: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/timerlist.py:151:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/timerlist.py:151:72: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/timerlist.py:154:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/timerlist.py:154:46: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/timerlist.py:154:52: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/timerlist.py:155:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/timerlist.py:155:81: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/timerlist.py:159:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/timerlist.py:159:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/timerlist.py:159:39: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/timerlist.py:160:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/timerlist.py:160:68: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/timerlist.py:162:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/timerlist.py:162:40: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/timerlist.py:162:46: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/timerlist.py:163:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/timerlist.py:163:75: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/timerlist.py:165:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/timerlist.py:165:38: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/timerlist.py:165:44: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/timerlist.py:166:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/timerlist.py:166:73: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/timerlist.py:168:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/timerlist.py:168:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/timerlist.py:168:39: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/timerlist.py:169:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/timerlist.py:169:68: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/timerlist.py:176:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/timerlist.py:176:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/timerlist.py:176:50: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/timerlist.py:177:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/timerlist.py:177:79: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/timerlist.py:183:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/timerlist.py:183:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/timerlist.py:183:62: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/timerlist.py:184:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/timerlist.py:184:91: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/timerlist.py:191:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/timerlist.py:191:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/timerlist.py:191:64: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/timerlist.py:192:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/timerlist.py:192:93: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/timerlist.py:204:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/timerlist.py:206:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/timerlist.py:207:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/timerlist.py:209:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/timerlist.py:211:5: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/timerlist.py:214:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/timerlist.py:228:37: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/timerlist.py:230:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/timerlist.py:232:1: E305 expected 2 blank lines after class or function definition, found 1
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/timerlist.py:242:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/timerlist.py:247:1: W391 blank line at end of file
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/satfinder.py:6:1: E303 too many blank lines (4)
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/satfinder.py:7:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/satfinder.py:8:1: F401 'sys' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/satfinder.py:10:1: F401 'os.path' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/satfinder.py:14:5: F401 '__builtin__ as builtin' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/satfinder.py:15:1: F401 'os.path.exists' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/satfinder.py:15:1: F401 'os.path.getmtime' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/satfinder.py:17:1: F401 'types' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/satfinder.py:21:1: F403 'from Cheetah.DummyTransaction import *' used; unable to detect undefined names
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/satfinder.py:22:1: F401 'Cheetah.NameMapper.NotFound' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/satfinder.py:23:1: F401 'Cheetah.CacheRegion.CacheRegion' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/satfinder.py:24:1: F401 'Cheetah.Filters' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/satfinder.py:25:1: F401 'Cheetah.ErrorCatchers' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/satfinder.py:26:1: F401 'Plugins.Extensions.OpenWebif.controllers.i18n.tstrings' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/satfinder.py:29:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/satfinder.py:30:6: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/satfinder.py:31:5: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/satfinder.py:32:4: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/satfinder.py:33:12: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/satfinder.py:44:7: E121 continuation line under-indented for hanging indent
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/satfinder.py:45:70: E228 missing whitespace around modulo operator
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/satfinder.py:46:10: E121 continuation line under-indented for hanging indent
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/satfinder.py:49:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/satfinder.py:54:5: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/satfinder.py:57:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/satfinder.py:63:18: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/satfinder.py:64:35: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/satfinder.py:66:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/satfinder.py:68:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/satfinder.py:72:9: E303 too many blank lines (3)
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/satfinder.py:72:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/satfinder.py:74:37: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/satfinder.py:76:21: F405 'DummyTransaction' may be undefined, or defined from star imports: Cheetah.DummyTransaction
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/satfinder.py:78:13: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/satfinder.py:82:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/satfinder.py:84:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/satfinder.py:85:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/satfinder.py:90:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/satfinder.py:90:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/satfinder.py:90:47: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/satfinder.py:91:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/satfinder.py:91:76: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/satfinder.py:101:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/satfinder.py:101:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/satfinder.py:101:46: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/satfinder.py:102:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/satfinder.py:102:75: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/satfinder.py:112:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/satfinder.py:112:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/satfinder.py:112:46: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/satfinder.py:113:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/satfinder.py:113:75: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/satfinder.py:123:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/satfinder.py:123:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/satfinder.py:123:46: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/satfinder.py:124:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/satfinder.py:124:75: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/satfinder.py:140:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/satfinder.py:140:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/satfinder.py:140:62: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/satfinder.py:141:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/satfinder.py:141:91: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/satfinder.py:162:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/satfinder.py:164:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/satfinder.py:165:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/satfinder.py:167:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/satfinder.py:169:5: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/satfinder.py:172:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/satfinder.py:186:37: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/satfinder.py:188:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/satfinder.py:190:1: E305 expected 2 blank lines after class or function definition, found 1
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/satfinder.py:200:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/satfinder.py:205:1: W391 blank line at end of file
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/channels.py:6:1: E303 too many blank lines (4)
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/channels.py:7:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/channels.py:8:1: F401 'sys' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/channels.py:10:1: F401 'os.path' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/channels.py:14:5: F401 '__builtin__ as builtin' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/channels.py:15:1: F401 'os.path.exists' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/channels.py:15:1: F401 'os.path.getmtime' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/channels.py:17:1: F401 'types' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/channels.py:21:1: F403 'from Cheetah.DummyTransaction import *' used; unable to detect undefined names
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/channels.py:22:1: F401 'Cheetah.NameMapper.NotFound' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/channels.py:23:1: F401 'Cheetah.CacheRegion.CacheRegion' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/channels.py:24:1: F401 'Cheetah.Filters' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/channels.py:25:1: F401 'Cheetah.ErrorCatchers' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/channels.py:26:1: F401 'Plugins.Extensions.OpenWebif.controllers.i18n.tstrings' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/channels.py:29:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/channels.py:30:6: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/channels.py:31:5: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/channels.py:32:4: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/channels.py:33:12: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/channels.py:44:7: E121 continuation line under-indented for hanging indent
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/channels.py:45:70: E228 missing whitespace around modulo operator
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/channels.py:46:10: E121 continuation line under-indented for hanging indent
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/channels.py:49:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/channels.py:54:5: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/channels.py:57:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/channels.py:63:18: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/channels.py:64:35: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/channels.py:66:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/channels.py:68:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/channels.py:72:9: E303 too many blank lines (3)
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/channels.py:72:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/channels.py:74:37: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/channels.py:76:21: F405 'DummyTransaction' may be undefined, or defined from star imports: Cheetah.DummyTransaction
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/channels.py:78:13: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/channels.py:82:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/channels.py:84:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/channels.py:85:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/channels.py:90:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/channels.py:90:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/channels.py:90:47: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/channels.py:91:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/channels.py:91:76: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/channels.py:98:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/channels.py:98:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/channels.py:98:51: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/channels.py:99:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/channels.py:99:80: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/channels.py:102:32: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/channels.py:102:43: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/channels.py:102:50: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/channels.py:105:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/channels.py:105:40: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/channels.py:105:46: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/channels.py:106:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/channels.py:106:75: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/channels.py:109:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/channels.py:109:41: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/channels.py:109:47: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/channels.py:110:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/channels.py:110:76: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/channels.py:113:39: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/channels.py:113:49: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/channels.py:113:56: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/channels.py:115:30: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/channels.py:115:50: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/channels.py:115:56: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/channels.py:116:34: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/channels.py:116:85: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/channels.py:121:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/channels.py:121:40: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/channels.py:121:46: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/channels.py:122:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/channels.py:122:75: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/channels.py:124:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/channels.py:124:41: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/channels.py:124:47: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/channels.py:125:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/channels.py:125:76: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/channels.py:134:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/channels.py:134:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/channels.py:134:62: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/channels.py:135:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/channels.py:135:91: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/channels.py:143:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/channels.py:143:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/channels.py:143:46: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/channels.py:144:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/channels.py:144:75: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/channels.py:147:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/channels.py:147:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/channels.py:147:49: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/channels.py:148:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/channels.py:148:78: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/channels.py:151:20: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/channels.py:151:34: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/channels.py:151:41: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/channels.py:153:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/channels.py:153:37: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/channels.py:153:53: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/channels.py:154:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/channels.py:154:82: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/channels.py:156:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/channels.py:156:37: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/channels.py:156:57: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/channels.py:157:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/channels.py:157:86: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/channels.py:195:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/channels.py:197:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/channels.py:198:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/channels.py:200:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/channels.py:202:5: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/channels.py:205:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/channels.py:219:36: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/channels.py:221:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/channels.py:223:1: E305 expected 2 blank lines after class or function definition, found 1
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/channels.py:233:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/channels.py:238:1: W391 blank line at end of file
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/head.py:6:1: E303 too many blank lines (4)
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/head.py:7:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/head.py:8:1: F401 'sys' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/head.py:10:1: F401 'os.path' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/head.py:14:5: F401 '__builtin__ as builtin' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/head.py:15:1: F401 'os.path.exists' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/head.py:15:1: F401 'os.path.getmtime' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/head.py:17:1: F401 'types' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/head.py:21:1: F403 'from Cheetah.DummyTransaction import *' used; unable to detect undefined names
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/head.py:22:1: F401 'Cheetah.NameMapper.NotFound' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/head.py:23:1: F401 'Cheetah.CacheRegion.CacheRegion' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/head.py:24:1: F401 'Cheetah.Filters' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/head.py:25:1: F401 'Cheetah.ErrorCatchers' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/head.py:28:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/head.py:29:6: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/head.py:30:5: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/head.py:31:4: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/head.py:32:12: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/head.py:43:7: E121 continuation line under-indented for hanging indent
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/head.py:44:70: E228 missing whitespace around modulo operator
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/head.py:45:10: E121 continuation line under-indented for hanging indent
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/head.py:48:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/head.py:53:5: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/head.py:56:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/head.py:62:18: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/head.py:63:35: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/head.py:65:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/head.py:67:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/head.py:71:9: E303 too many blank lines (3)
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/head.py:71:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/head.py:73:37: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/head.py:75:21: F405 'DummyTransaction' may be undefined, or defined from star imports: Cheetah.DummyTransaction
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/head.py:77:13: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/head.py:79:9: F841 local variable 'SL' is assigned to but never used
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/head.py:80:9: F841 local variable '_filter' is assigned to but never used
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/head.py:81:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/head.py:83:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/head.py:84:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/head.py:97:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/head.py:99:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/head.py:100:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/head.py:102:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/head.py:104:5: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/head.py:107:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/head.py:121:32: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/head.py:123:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/head.py:125:1: E305 expected 2 blank lines after class or function definition, found 1
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/head.py:135:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/head.py:140:1: W391 blank line at end of file
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/remote.py:6:1: E303 too many blank lines (4)
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/remote.py:7:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/remote.py:8:1: F401 'sys' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/remote.py:10:1: F401 'os.path' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/remote.py:14:5: F401 '__builtin__ as builtin' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/remote.py:15:1: F401 'os.path.exists' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/remote.py:15:1: F401 'os.path.getmtime' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/remote.py:17:1: F401 'types' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/remote.py:21:1: F403 'from Cheetah.DummyTransaction import *' used; unable to detect undefined names
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/remote.py:22:1: F401 'Cheetah.NameMapper.NotFound' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/remote.py:23:1: F401 'Cheetah.CacheRegion.CacheRegion' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/remote.py:24:1: F401 'Cheetah.Filters' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/remote.py:25:1: F401 'Cheetah.ErrorCatchers' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/remote.py:26:1: F401 'Plugins.Extensions.OpenWebif.controllers.i18n.tstrings' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/remote.py:29:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/remote.py:30:6: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/remote.py:31:5: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/remote.py:32:4: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/remote.py:33:12: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/remote.py:44:7: E121 continuation line under-indented for hanging indent
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/remote.py:45:70: E228 missing whitespace around modulo operator
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/remote.py:46:10: E121 continuation line under-indented for hanging indent
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/remote.py:49:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/remote.py:54:5: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/remote.py:57:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/remote.py:63:18: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/remote.py:64:35: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/remote.py:66:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/remote.py:68:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/remote.py:72:9: E303 too many blank lines (3)
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/remote.py:72:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/remote.py:74:37: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/remote.py:76:21: F405 'DummyTransaction' may be undefined, or defined from star imports: Cheetah.DummyTransaction
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/remote.py:78:13: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/remote.py:82:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/remote.py:84:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/remote.py:85:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/remote.py:90:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/remote.py:90:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/remote.py:90:47: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/remote.py:91:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/remote.py:91:76: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/remote.py:98:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/remote.py:98:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/remote.py:98:49: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/remote.py:99:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/remote.py:99:78: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/remote.py:108:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/remote.py:108:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/remote.py:108:62: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/remote.py:109:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/remote.py:109:91: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/remote.py:129:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/remote.py:129:31: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/remote.py:129:37: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/remote.py:130:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/remote.py:130:68: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/remote.py:138:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/remote.py:140:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/remote.py:141:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/remote.py:143:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/remote.py:145:5: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/remote.py:148:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/remote.py:162:34: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/remote.py:164:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/remote.py:166:1: E305 expected 2 blank lines after class or function definition, found 1
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/remote.py:176:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/remote.py:181:1: W391 blank line at end of file
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/screenshot.py:6:1: E303 too many blank lines (4)
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/screenshot.py:7:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/screenshot.py:8:1: F401 'sys' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/screenshot.py:10:1: F401 'os.path' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/screenshot.py:14:5: F401 '__builtin__ as builtin' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/screenshot.py:15:1: F401 'os.path.exists' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/screenshot.py:15:1: F401 'os.path.getmtime' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/screenshot.py:17:1: F401 'types' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/screenshot.py:21:1: F403 'from Cheetah.DummyTransaction import *' used; unable to detect undefined names
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/screenshot.py:22:1: F401 'Cheetah.NameMapper.NotFound' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/screenshot.py:23:1: F401 'Cheetah.CacheRegion.CacheRegion' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/screenshot.py:24:1: F401 'Cheetah.Filters' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/screenshot.py:25:1: F401 'Cheetah.ErrorCatchers' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/screenshot.py:26:1: F401 'Plugins.Extensions.OpenWebif.controllers.i18n.tstrings' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/screenshot.py:29:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/screenshot.py:30:6: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/screenshot.py:31:5: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/screenshot.py:32:4: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/screenshot.py:33:12: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/screenshot.py:44:7: E121 continuation line under-indented for hanging indent
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/screenshot.py:45:70: E228 missing whitespace around modulo operator
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/screenshot.py:46:10: E121 continuation line under-indented for hanging indent
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/screenshot.py:49:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/screenshot.py:54:5: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/screenshot.py:57:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/screenshot.py:63:18: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/screenshot.py:64:35: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/screenshot.py:66:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/screenshot.py:68:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/screenshot.py:72:9: E303 too many blank lines (3)
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/screenshot.py:72:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/screenshot.py:74:37: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/screenshot.py:76:21: F405 'DummyTransaction' may be undefined, or defined from star imports: Cheetah.DummyTransaction
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/screenshot.py:78:13: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/screenshot.py:82:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/screenshot.py:84:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/screenshot.py:85:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/screenshot.py:90:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/screenshot.py:90:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/screenshot.py:90:47: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/screenshot.py:91:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/screenshot.py:91:76: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/screenshot.py:98:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/screenshot.py:98:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/screenshot.py:98:46: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/screenshot.py:99:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/screenshot.py:99:75: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/screenshot.py:102:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/screenshot.py:102:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/screenshot.py:102:48: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/screenshot.py:103:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/screenshot.py:103:77: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/screenshot.py:106:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/screenshot.py:106:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/screenshot.py:106:46: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/screenshot.py:107:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/screenshot.py:107:75: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/screenshot.py:112:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/screenshot.py:112:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/screenshot.py:112:53: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/screenshot.py:113:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/screenshot.py:113:82: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/screenshot.py:117:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/screenshot.py:117:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/screenshot.py:117:50: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/screenshot.py:118:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/screenshot.py:118:79: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/screenshot.py:123:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/screenshot.py:123:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/screenshot.py:123:62: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/screenshot.py:124:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/screenshot.py:124:91: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/screenshot.py:132:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/screenshot.py:134:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/screenshot.py:135:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/screenshot.py:137:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/screenshot.py:139:5: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/screenshot.py:142:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/screenshot.py:156:38: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/screenshot.py:158:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/screenshot.py:160:1: E305 expected 2 blank lines after class or function definition, found 1
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/screenshot.py:170:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/screenshot.py:175:1: W391 blank line at end of file
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/control.py:6:1: E303 too many blank lines (4)
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/control.py:7:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/control.py:8:1: F401 'sys' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/control.py:10:1: F401 'os.path' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/control.py:14:5: F401 '__builtin__ as builtin' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/control.py:15:1: F401 'os.path.exists' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/control.py:15:1: F401 'os.path.getmtime' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/control.py:17:1: F401 'types' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/control.py:21:1: F403 'from Cheetah.DummyTransaction import *' used; unable to detect undefined names
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/control.py:22:1: F401 'Cheetah.NameMapper.NotFound' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/control.py:23:1: F401 'Cheetah.CacheRegion.CacheRegion' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/control.py:24:1: F401 'Cheetah.Filters' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/control.py:25:1: F401 'Cheetah.ErrorCatchers' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/control.py:26:1: F401 'Plugins.Extensions.OpenWebif.controllers.i18n.tstrings' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/control.py:29:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/control.py:30:6: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/control.py:31:5: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/control.py:32:4: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/control.py:33:12: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/control.py:44:7: E121 continuation line under-indented for hanging indent
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/control.py:45:70: E228 missing whitespace around modulo operator
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/control.py:46:10: E121 continuation line under-indented for hanging indent
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/control.py:49:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/control.py:54:5: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/control.py:57:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/control.py:63:18: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/control.py:64:35: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/control.py:66:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/control.py:68:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/control.py:72:9: E303 too many blank lines (3)
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/control.py:72:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/control.py:74:37: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/control.py:76:21: F405 'DummyTransaction' may be undefined, or defined from star imports: Cheetah.DummyTransaction
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/control.py:78:13: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/control.py:82:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/control.py:84:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/control.py:85:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/control.py:90:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/control.py:90:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/control.py:90:47: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/control.py:91:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/control.py:91:76: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/control.py:98:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/control.py:98:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/control.py:98:56: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/control.py:99:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/control.py:99:85: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/control.py:113:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/control.py:113:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/control.py:113:57: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/control.py:114:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/control.py:114:86: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/control.py:117:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/control.py:117:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/control.py:117:63: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/control.py:118:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/control.py:118:92: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/control.py:124:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/control.py:124:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/control.py:124:55: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/control.py:125:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/control.py:125:84: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/control.py:128:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/control.py:128:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/control.py:128:57: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/control.py:129:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/control.py:129:86: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/control.py:132:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/control.py:132:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/control.py:132:55: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/control.py:133:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/control.py:133:84: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/control.py:136:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/control.py:136:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/control.py:136:53: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/control.py:137:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/control.py:137:82: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/control.py:140:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/control.py:140:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/control.py:140:54: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/control.py:141:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/control.py:141:83: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/control.py:144:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/control.py:144:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/control.py:144:50: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/control.py:145:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/control.py:145:79: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/control.py:148:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/control.py:148:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/control.py:148:50: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/control.py:149:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/control.py:149:79: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/control.py:156:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/control.py:156:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/control.py:156:62: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/control.py:157:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/control.py:157:91: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/control.py:182:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/control.py:182:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/control.py:182:61: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/control.py:183:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/control.py:183:90: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/control.py:215:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/control.py:217:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/control.py:218:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/control.py:220:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/control.py:222:5: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/control.py:225:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/control.py:239:35: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/control.py:241:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/control.py:243:1: E305 expected 2 blank lines after class or function definition, found 1
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/control.py:253:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/control.py:258:1: W391 blank line at end of file
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/index.py:6:1: E303 too many blank lines (4)
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/index.py:7:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/index.py:8:1: F401 'sys' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/index.py:10:1: F401 'os.path' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/index.py:14:5: F401 '__builtin__ as builtin' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/index.py:15:1: F401 'os.path.exists' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/index.py:15:1: F401 'os.path.getmtime' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/index.py:17:1: F401 'types' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/index.py:21:1: F403 'from Cheetah.DummyTransaction import *' used; unable to detect undefined names
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/index.py:22:1: F401 'Cheetah.NameMapper.NotFound' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/index.py:23:1: F401 'Cheetah.CacheRegion.CacheRegion' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/index.py:24:1: F401 'Cheetah.Filters' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/index.py:25:1: F401 'Cheetah.ErrorCatchers' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/index.py:26:1: F401 'six.moves.urllib.parse.quote' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/index.py:27:1: F401 'Plugins.Extensions.OpenWebif.controllers.i18n.tstrings' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/index.py:30:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/index.py:31:6: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/index.py:32:5: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/index.py:33:4: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/index.py:34:12: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/index.py:45:7: E121 continuation line under-indented for hanging indent
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/index.py:46:70: E228 missing whitespace around modulo operator
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/index.py:47:10: E121 continuation line under-indented for hanging indent
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/index.py:50:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/index.py:55:5: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/index.py:58:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/index.py:64:18: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/index.py:65:35: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/index.py:67:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/index.py:69:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/index.py:73:9: E303 too many blank lines (3)
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/index.py:73:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/index.py:75:37: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/index.py:77:21: F405 'DummyTransaction' may be undefined, or defined from star imports: Cheetah.DummyTransaction
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/index.py:79:13: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/index.py:83:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/index.py:85:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/index.py:86:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/index.py:96:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/index.py:96:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/index.py:96:50: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/index.py:97:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/index.py:97:79: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/index.py:100:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/index.py:100:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/index.py:100:49: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/index.py:101:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/index.py:101:78: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/index.py:104:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/index.py:104:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/index.py:104:51: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/index.py:105:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/index.py:105:80: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/index.py:107:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/index.py:107:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/index.py:107:45: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/index.py:108:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/index.py:108:74: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/index.py:111:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/index.py:111:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/index.py:111:51: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/index.py:112:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/index.py:112:80: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/index.py:114:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/index.py:114:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/index.py:114:48: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/index.py:115:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/index.py:115:77: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/index.py:118:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/index.py:118:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/index.py:118:53: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/index.py:119:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/index.py:119:82: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/index.py:122:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/index.py:122:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/index.py:122:53: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/index.py:123:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/index.py:123:82: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/index.py:126:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/index.py:126:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/index.py:126:49: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/index.py:127:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/index.py:127:78: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/index.py:130:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/index.py:130:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/index.py:130:52: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/index.py:131:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/index.py:131:81: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/index.py:134:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/index.py:134:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/index.py:134:48: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/index.py:135:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/index.py:135:77: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/index.py:142:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/index.py:142:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/index.py:142:62: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/index.py:143:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/index.py:143:91: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/index.py:151:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/index.py:153:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/index.py:154:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/index.py:156:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/index.py:158:5: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/index.py:161:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/index.py:175:33: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/index.py:177:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/index.py:179:1: E305 expected 2 blank lines after class or function definition, found 1
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/index.py:189:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/index.py:194:1: W391 blank line at end of file
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/bouquets.py:6:1: E303 too many blank lines (4)
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/bouquets.py:7:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/bouquets.py:8:1: F401 'sys' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/bouquets.py:10:1: F401 'os.path' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/bouquets.py:14:5: F401 '__builtin__ as builtin' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/bouquets.py:15:1: F401 'os.path.exists' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/bouquets.py:15:1: F401 'os.path.getmtime' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/bouquets.py:17:1: F401 'types' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/bouquets.py:21:1: F403 'from Cheetah.DummyTransaction import *' used; unable to detect undefined names
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/bouquets.py:22:1: F401 'Cheetah.NameMapper.NotFound' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/bouquets.py:23:1: F401 'Cheetah.CacheRegion.CacheRegion' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/bouquets.py:24:1: F401 'Cheetah.Filters' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/bouquets.py:25:1: F401 'Cheetah.ErrorCatchers' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/bouquets.py:26:1: F401 'Plugins.Extensions.OpenWebif.controllers.i18n.tstrings' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/bouquets.py:27:1: F401 'six.moves.urllib.parse.quote' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/bouquets.py:30:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/bouquets.py:31:6: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/bouquets.py:32:5: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/bouquets.py:33:4: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/bouquets.py:34:12: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/bouquets.py:45:7: E121 continuation line under-indented for hanging indent
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/bouquets.py:46:70: E228 missing whitespace around modulo operator
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/bouquets.py:47:10: E121 continuation line under-indented for hanging indent
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/bouquets.py:50:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/bouquets.py:55:5: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/bouquets.py:58:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/bouquets.py:64:18: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/bouquets.py:65:35: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/bouquets.py:67:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/bouquets.py:69:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/bouquets.py:73:9: E303 too many blank lines (3)
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/bouquets.py:73:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/bouquets.py:75:37: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/bouquets.py:77:21: F405 'DummyTransaction' may be undefined, or defined from star imports: Cheetah.DummyTransaction
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/bouquets.py:79:13: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/bouquets.py:83:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/bouquets.py:85:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/bouquets.py:86:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/bouquets.py:91:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/bouquets.py:91:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/bouquets.py:91:47: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/bouquets.py:92:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/bouquets.py:92:76: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/bouquets.py:99:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/bouquets.py:99:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/bouquets.py:99:51: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/bouquets.py:100:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/bouquets.py:100:80: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/bouquets.py:103:32: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/bouquets.py:103:43: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/bouquets.py:103:50: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/bouquets.py:105:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/bouquets.py:105:34: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/bouquets.py:105:50: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/bouquets.py:105:60: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/bouquets.py:105:70: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/bouquets.py:106:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/bouquets.py:106:82: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/bouquets.py:108:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/bouquets.py:108:36: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/bouquets.py:108:45: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/bouquets.py:109:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/bouquets.py:109:74: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/bouquets.py:117:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/bouquets.py:117:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/bouquets.py:117:62: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/bouquets.py:118:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/bouquets.py:118:91: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/bouquets.py:125:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/bouquets.py:127:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/bouquets.py:128:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/bouquets.py:130:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/bouquets.py:132:5: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/bouquets.py:135:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/bouquets.py:149:36: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/bouquets.py:151:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/bouquets.py:153:1: E305 expected 2 blank lines after class or function definition, found 1
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/bouquets.py:163:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/bouquets.py:168:1: W391 blank line at end of file
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/channelinfo.py:6:1: E303 too many blank lines (4)
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/channelinfo.py:7:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/channelinfo.py:8:1: F401 'sys' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/channelinfo.py:10:1: F401 'os.path' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/channelinfo.py:14:5: F401 '__builtin__ as builtin' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/channelinfo.py:15:1: F401 'os.path.exists' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/channelinfo.py:15:1: F401 'os.path.getmtime' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/channelinfo.py:17:1: F401 'types' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/channelinfo.py:21:1: F403 'from Cheetah.DummyTransaction import *' used; unable to detect undefined names
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/channelinfo.py:22:1: F401 'Cheetah.NameMapper.NotFound' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/channelinfo.py:23:1: F401 'Cheetah.CacheRegion.CacheRegion' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/channelinfo.py:24:1: F401 'Cheetah.Filters' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/channelinfo.py:25:1: F401 'Cheetah.ErrorCatchers' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/channelinfo.py:27:1: F401 'Plugins.Extensions.OpenWebif.controllers.i18n.tstrings' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/channelinfo.py:30:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/channelinfo.py:31:6: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/channelinfo.py:32:5: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/channelinfo.py:33:4: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/channelinfo.py:34:12: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/channelinfo.py:45:7: E121 continuation line under-indented for hanging indent
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/channelinfo.py:46:70: E228 missing whitespace around modulo operator
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/channelinfo.py:47:10: E121 continuation line under-indented for hanging indent
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/channelinfo.py:50:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/channelinfo.py:55:5: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/channelinfo.py:58:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/channelinfo.py:64:18: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/channelinfo.py:65:35: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/channelinfo.py:67:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/channelinfo.py:69:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/channelinfo.py:73:9: E303 too many blank lines (3)
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/channelinfo.py:73:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/channelinfo.py:75:37: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/channelinfo.py:77:21: F405 'DummyTransaction' may be undefined, or defined from star imports: Cheetah.DummyTransaction
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/channelinfo.py:79:13: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/channelinfo.py:83:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/channelinfo.py:85:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/channelinfo.py:86:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/channelinfo.py:91:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/channelinfo.py:91:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/channelinfo.py:91:47: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/channelinfo.py:92:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/channelinfo.py:92:76: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/channelinfo.py:96:9: F841 local variable 'link' is assigned to but never used
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/channelinfo.py:96:30: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/channelinfo.py:96:49: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/channelinfo.py:98:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/channelinfo.py:98:29: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/channelinfo.py:98:35: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/channelinfo.py:99:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/channelinfo.py:99:64: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/channelinfo.py:101:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/channelinfo.py:101:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/channelinfo.py:101:46: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/channelinfo.py:102:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/channelinfo.py:102:75: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/channelinfo.py:109:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/channelinfo.py:109:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/channelinfo.py:109:50: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/channelinfo.py:110:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/channelinfo.py:110:79: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/channelinfo.py:115:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/channelinfo.py:115:42: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/channelinfo.py:115:48: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/channelinfo.py:116:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/channelinfo.py:116:77: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/channelinfo.py:120:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/channelinfo.py:120:42: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/channelinfo.py:120:48: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/channelinfo.py:121:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/channelinfo.py:121:77: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/channelinfo.py:124:20: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/channelinfo.py:124:40: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/channelinfo.py:124:47: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/channelinfo.py:126:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/channelinfo.py:126:46: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/channelinfo.py:126:52: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/channelinfo.py:127:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/channelinfo.py:127:81: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/channelinfo.py:130:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/channelinfo.py:130:46: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/channelinfo.py:130:52: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/channelinfo.py:131:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/channelinfo.py:131:81: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/channelinfo.py:133:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/channelinfo.py:133:44: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/channelinfo.py:133:50: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/channelinfo.py:134:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/channelinfo.py:134:79: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/channelinfo.py:136:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/channelinfo.py:136:49: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/channelinfo.py:136:55: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/channelinfo.py:137:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/channelinfo.py:137:84: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/channelinfo.py:144:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/channelinfo.py:144:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/channelinfo.py:144:56: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/channelinfo.py:145:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/channelinfo.py:145:85: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/channelinfo.py:149:35: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/channelinfo.py:149:49: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/channelinfo.py:149:56: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/channelinfo.py:152:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/channelinfo.py:152:50: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/channelinfo.py:152:56: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/channelinfo.py:153:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/channelinfo.py:153:85: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/channelinfo.py:157:34: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/channelinfo.py:157:48: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/channelinfo.py:157:55: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/channelinfo.py:160:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/channelinfo.py:160:49: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/channelinfo.py:160:55: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/channelinfo.py:161:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/channelinfo.py:161:84: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/channelinfo.py:168:20: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/channelinfo.py:168:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/channelinfo.py:168:40: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/channelinfo.py:172:26: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/channelinfo.py:172:37: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/channelinfo.py:172:62: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/channelinfo.py:173:30: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/channelinfo.py:173:91: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/channelinfo.py:177:34: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/channelinfo.py:177:47: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/channelinfo.py:177:54: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/channelinfo.py:178:28: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/channelinfo.py:178:35: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/channelinfo.py:178:53: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/channelinfo.py:178:66: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/channelinfo.py:178:73: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/channelinfo.py:180:34: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/channelinfo.py:180:47: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/channelinfo.py:180:53: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/channelinfo.py:181:38: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/channelinfo.py:181:82: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/channelinfo.py:184:21: F841 local variable 'date' is assigned to but never used
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/channelinfo.py:184:36: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/channelinfo.py:184:49: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/channelinfo.py:187:30: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/channelinfo.py:187:41: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/channelinfo.py:187:47: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/channelinfo.py:188:34: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/channelinfo.py:188:76: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/channelinfo.py:190:30: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/channelinfo.py:190:43: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/channelinfo.py:190:49: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/channelinfo.py:191:34: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/channelinfo.py:191:78: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/channelinfo.py:194:30: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/channelinfo.py:194:44: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/channelinfo.py:194:50: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/channelinfo.py:195:34: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/channelinfo.py:195:79: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/channelinfo.py:198:30: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/channelinfo.py:198:44: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/channelinfo.py:198:50: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/channelinfo.py:199:34: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/channelinfo.py:199:79: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/channelinfo.py:201:30: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/channelinfo.py:201:42: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/channelinfo.py:201:48: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/channelinfo.py:202:34: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/channelinfo.py:202:77: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/channelinfo.py:213:22: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/channelinfo.py:213:33: E231 missing whitespace after ','
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/channelinfo.py:213:62: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/channelinfo.py:214:26: E701 multiple statements on one line (colon)
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/channelinfo.py:214:91: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/channelinfo.py:226:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/channelinfo.py:228:9: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/channelinfo.py:229:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/channelinfo.py:231:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/channelinfo.py:233:5: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/channelinfo.py:236:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/channelinfo.py:250:39: E225 missing whitespace around operator
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/channelinfo.py:252:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/channelinfo.py:254:1: E305 expected 2 blank lines after class or function definition, found 1
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/channelinfo.py:264:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
plugin/controllers/views/mobile/channelinfo.py:269:1: W391 blank line at end of file
plugin/controllers/models/timers.py:127:5: E117 over-indented
plugin/controllers/models/timers.py:131:5: E117 over-indented
plugin/controllers/models/timers.py:180:3: E265 block comment should start with '# '
plugin/controllers/models/timers.py:181:3: E265 block comment should start with '# '
plugin/controllers/models/timers.py:182:3: E265 block comment should start with '# '
plugin/controllers/models/timers.py:183:3: E265 block comment should start with '# '
plugin/controllers/models/timers.py:184:3: E265 block comment should start with '# '
plugin/controllers/models/timers.py:185:3: E265 block comment should start with '# '
plugin/controllers/models/timers.py:672:136: F821 undefined name 'serviceref'
plugin/controllers/models/timers.py:685:16: F823 local variable 'list' defined as a builtin referenced before assignment
plugin/controllers/models/timers.py:841:12: E711 comparison to None should be 'if cond is not None:'
plugin/controllers/models/timers.py:844:5: E722 do not use bare 'except'
plugin/controllers/models/timers.py:919:12: E711 comparison to None should be 'if cond is None:'
plugin/controllers/models/stream.py:39:10: E711 comparison to None should be 'if cond is not None:'
plugin/controllers/models/stream.py:66:10: E711 comparison to None should be 'if cond is not None:'
plugin/controllers/models/stream.py:73:2: F841 local variable 'model' is assigned to but never used
plugin/controllers/models/stream.py:74:2: F841 local variable 'machinebuild' is assigned to but never used
plugin/controllers/models/stream.py:92:12: E711 comparison to None should be 'if cond is not None:'
plugin/controllers/models/stream.py:131:4: E741 ambiguous variable name 'l'
plugin/controllers/models/stream.py:136:11: E711 comparison to None should be 'if cond is not None:'
plugin/controllers/models/stream.py:143:10: E711 comparison to None should be 'if cond is not None:'
plugin/controllers/models/stream.py:181:3: F841 local variable 'model' is assigned to but never used
plugin/controllers/models/stream.py:182:3: F841 local variable 'machinebuild' is assigned to but never used
plugin/controllers/models/stream.py:200:13: E711 comparison to None should be 'if cond is not None:'
plugin/controllers/models/stream.py:222:16: E711 comparison to None should be 'if cond is not None:'
plugin/controllers/models/stream.py:235:20: W605 invalid escape sequence '\:'
plugin/controllers/models/stream.py:235:23: W605 invalid escape sequence '\d'
plugin/controllers/models/stream.py:264:10: E711 comparison to None should be 'if cond is not None:'
plugin/controllers/models/movies.py:28:1: F401 'time.time' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/models/movies.py:290:1: E265 block comment should start with '# '
plugin/controllers/models/movies.py:318:2: F841 local variable 'tag' is assigned to but never used
plugin/controllers/models/movies.py:319:2: F841 local variable 'directory' is assigned to but never used
plugin/controllers/models/movies.py:655:29: E741 ambiguous variable name 'l'
plugin/controllers/models/movies.py:703:9: E123 closing bracket does not match indentation of opening bracket's line
plugin/controllers/models/movies.py:720:9: E123 closing bracket does not match indentation of opening bracket's line
plugin/controllers/models/services.py:396:26: W605 invalid escape sequence '\s'
plugin/controllers/models/services.py:396:46: W605 invalid escape sequence '\s'
plugin/controllers/models/services.py:396:51: W605 invalid escape sequence '\s'
plugin/controllers/models/services.py:396:55: W605 invalid escape sequence '\d'
plugin/controllers/models/services.py:396:59: W605 invalid escape sequence '\s'
plugin/controllers/models/services.py:409:6: E741 ambiguous variable name 'l'
plugin/controllers/models/services.py:432:7: F841 local variable 'isprotected' is assigned to but never used
plugin/controllers/models/services.py:693:2: E265 block comment should start with '# '
plugin/controllers/models/services.py:731:72: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/models/services.py:731:73: E262 inline comment should start with '# '
plugin/controllers/models/services.py:827:13: E711 comparison to None should be 'if cond is None:'
plugin/controllers/models/services.py:1090:7: E126 continuation line over-indented for hanging indent
plugin/controllers/models/services.py:1094:6: E126 continuation line over-indented for hanging indent
plugin/controllers/models/services.py:1316:2: E265 block comment should start with '# '
plugin/controllers/models/services.py:1317:2: E265 block comment should start with '# '
plugin/controllers/models/services.py:1318:2: E265 block comment should start with '# '
plugin/controllers/models/grab.py:53:11: E711 comparison to None should be 'if cond is not None:'
plugin/controllers/models/grab.py:58:11: E711 comparison to None should be 'if cond is not None:'
plugin/controllers/models/mediaplayer.py:192:22: W605 invalid escape sequence '\.'
plugin/controllers/models/mediaplayer.py:196:22: W605 invalid escape sequence '\.'
plugin/controllers/models/mediaplayer.py:200:22: W605 invalid escape sequence '\.'
plugin/controllers/models/OWFMovieList.py:13:1: F401 'Tools.FuzzyDate.FuzzyTime' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/models/OWFMovieList.py:15:1: F401 'Tools.Directories.resolveFilename' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/models/OWFMovieList.py:17:1: F401 'ServiceReference.ServiceReference' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/models/OWFMovieList.py:48:3: E722 do not use bare 'except'
plugin/controllers/models/OWFMovieList.py:152:1: E115 expected an indented block (comment)
plugin/controllers/models/OWFMovieList.py:192:27: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/models/OWFMovieList.py:223:23: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/models/OWFMovieList.py:223:24: E262 inline comment should start with '# '
plugin/controllers/models/owibranding.py:55:3: E731 do not assign a lambda expression, use a def
plugin/controllers/models/owibranding.py:69:14: E741 ambiguous variable name 'l'
plugin/controllers/models/owibranding.py:165:6: E117 over-indented
plugin/controllers/models/owibranding.py:738:20: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
plugin/controllers/models/info.py:27:1: F401 'sys' imported but unused
plugin/controllers/models/info.py:111:4: E722 do not use bare 'except'
plugin/controllers/models/info.py:443:30: W605 invalid escape sequence '\ '
